ARTICLE_ID:1
TITLE:5th Beihang International Summer School Opening Ceremony
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2506.htm
TEXT:
5th Beihang International Summer School Opening Ceremony
                

                    Release time：July 9, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the afternoon of July 8th, the opening ceremony of the 5th Beihang International Summer School for undergraduates was held at the Acedemic Exchange Hall of Xueyuanlu Campus. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun and related leaders from Office of Academic Affairs, Department of Student Affairs, International Division, Youth League Committee, School of Beijing, etc., attended the ceremony. As all leaders pressed the ball together, the summer school was officially launched.


Vice President Huang Haijun gave an overall introduction to the international summer school. He noted that started in 2014, the summer school, devoted to providing high-quality courses to students from all over the world, had achieved great success in the past four years. With dedicated teaching team, diligent and intelligent students, excellent science and engineering education tradition and good innovation performance, the school has strived to achieve the goal of inspiring scientific innovation, promoting cultural exchange and building friendship between students at home and abroad. He extended his sincere wishes for the success of 2018 Undergraduate International Summer School.
International student representative Hinchey Elizabeth from University of Wollongong, Chinese student representative Yin Zhuoli from School of Electronic and Information Engineering of Beihang University, volunteer representative Song Xinwei form School of Beijing of Beihang Univeristy, and teacher representative Huang Qin from School of Electronic and Information Engineering delivered their speeches, respectively. They hoped to study and make friends with students from different majors and cultural backgrounds, and expressed their expectations for the summer school.
The 2018 Beihang Undergraduate International Summer School, spanning from July 9th to August 3rd, invited teachers from all over the world and developed 80 courses including electromagnetics, dynamic systems & control, spintronics, code mining, China's cultural landscape and artistic heritage, Chinese teaching, etc. It covered more than 200 students from over 60 countries and regions. The international summer school provides an effective platform for professors and students at home and abroad to exchange ideas, and plays an active role in promoting Beihang's international reputation.
  
Reported by Qiao Jiao
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:2
TITLE:Beihang Holds Donation Ceremony for “Xiaomi Young Scholars” Program
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3273.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Donation Ceremony for “Xiaomi Young Scholars” Program
                

                    Release time：April 6, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


A donation ceremony for the “Xiaomi Young Scholars” program was held in Beihang's Ruxin Conference Center on the morning of March 30. Before the donation ceremony, Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, met with Wang Chuan, Co-founder and Senior Vice President of Xiaomi Corporation. Secretary General Ma Lan and Deputy Secretary General Diao Meiling of Xiaomi Foundation, Vice President Liu Shuchun and Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang of Beihang University also attended the ceremony.

The donation ceremony for the “Xiaomi Young Scholars” program
The Beihang University “Xiaomi Young Scholars” program established by Xiaomi Public Welfare Foundation is dedicated to supporting and encouraging young teachers, young researchers and young talents with outstanding achievements in science and obvious potential for innovation. It focuses such fileds as aerospace, information electronics, advanced manufacturing, advanced materials, basic science, life science, transportation, interdisciplinary science, etc. Beihang University is one of the first universities to receive support from “Xiaomi Young Scholars” program.

Before the donation ceremony, Xu Huibin met with Wang Chuan
Xu Huibin expressed his appreciation to Xiaomi Corporation for its support to the university’s teaching and research and for setting up the “Xiaomi Young Scholars” program. He noted that Beihang University will make full use of this program, reinforce the cultivation of young talents, and continue to contribute to strengthening ourcountry with talents in the new era and building a scientific and technological powerhouse with practical actions.

Xu Huibin gave a brief introduction of Beihang University
In his speech, Zhao Gang expressed his admiration for Xiaomi’s long-term strategic vision and high sense of social responsibility. He introduced the 70-year development history of Beihang University, as well as the achievements and contributions in faculty, discipline construction and scientific research innovation. He hoped that this donation will serve as an opportunity to lay a solid foundation for deeper exchanges and cooperation between Beihang University and Xiaomi Cooperation in more areas in the future.

Zhao Gang delivered a speech
Wang Chuan introduced the development of Xiaomi and its corporate culture. He said the rapid development of Xiaomi Corporation is attributed to the rise of Chinese manufacturing in the world, with many important contributions made by Beihang alumni who joined Xiaomi. He hoped that the two sides will strengthen exchanges and cooperation in more areas and jointly contribute to building China into a science and technology powerhouse in the future.

Wang Chuan delivered a speech
Following that, Zhang Yi, Director of Human Resource Department of Beihang University, briefed on Beihang’s talent team construction. He said the donation program will give priority to supporting disciplines closely related to Xiaomi's talent team building and project development.
At the ceremony, Chen Weiyang and Qiao Zhongliang, on behalf of more than 360 Beihang Alumni who are working at Xiaomi Corportion, delivered their speeches respectively. They recalled their days when studing at Beihang and expressed their gratitude for their alma mater, looking forward to continuing to promote the construction and development of the university in the future.

Chen Weiyang and Qiao Zhongliang delivered speeches respectively
Xiaomi Foundation Secretary General Ma Lan and Beihang Education Foundation Secretary General Yan Jiangfen signed the donation agreement on behalf of Xiaomi Foundation and Beihang University respectively.

The donation agreement signing ceremony
On behalf of Beihang University, Vice President Liu Shuchun presented a donation certificate and souvenir to Wang Chuan.

Liu Shuchun presented the donation certificate to Wang Chuan
Other attendees include relevant leaders from Xiaomi Corporation’s Human Resources Department, Technology Committee, Eco-chain Smart Hardware Department, Software Department; Xiaomi Foundation Integrated Management Department; Beihang University’s Financial Department, Institute of Science and Technology, Human Resource Department, Alumni Liaison and Development Department, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, etc.


Reported by Wang Qing and Shi Yue
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:3
TITLE:International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence Held Online 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3305.htm
TEXT:
International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence Held Online
                

                    Release time：June 24, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


As one of the academic activities for celebrating the 70th anniversary of Beihang University, the International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence was held online on June 18. The workshop this year was hosted by the Institute of Artificial Intelligence of Beihang University and was organized jointly by committees from the Chinese Institute of Command and Control, the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University, Beijing Institute of Artificial Intelligence of Beijing University of Technology, some labs at Beihang University and other academic institutes. It attracted more than 500 experts and scholars from home and abroad to attend online.

Prof. David Doermann from the University at Buffalo, Prof. Martin Guay from Queen’s University, Prof. Danwei Wang from Nanyang Technological University, Prof. Hanxiong Li from City University of Hong Kong, Prof. Xiaohua Xia from the University of Pretoria, and Prof. Steven X. Ding from the University of Duisburg-Essen delivered their reports and interacted with other attendees at the workshop. Their reports cover the following topics, including “The evolving face of misinformation in text, image, and video content”, “Model free distributed optimization”, “Applications of deep-tech in environmental service”, “Control for intelligent manufacturing-A multiscale challenge”, “Distributed consensus problems in intelligent energy systems”, and “Cyber-secure performance degradation monitoring and recovery of automatic control systems”.
The International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence is supported by the “High-end Foreign Experts Recruitment Plan” launched by the Ministry of Science and Technology, aiming at improving the scientific research and academic influence of Beihang in the field of artificial intelligence by introducing experts and scholars from world-renowned organizations.


Reported by Dong Xiwang
Reviewed by Jin Rong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:4
TITLE:Four Professors from Beihang University Receive CCF 60th Anniversary Distinguished Contribution Awards
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3351.htm
TEXT:
Four Professors from Beihang University Receive CCF 60th Anniversary Distinguished Contribution Awards
                

                    Release time：August 13, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                



On the morning of August 6, the China Computer Federation (CCF) announced the winners of the CCF 60th Anniversary Distinguished Contribution Awards at its 60th anniversary celebration. Four professors, including Zhao Qinping, Qian Depei, Ma Dianfu and Yin Baolin from the School of Computer Science and Engineering of Beihang University, received the Individual Award for Distinguished Contributions for their outstanding dedication to the development of the society. Beihang University received the Unit Award for Distinguished Contributions, because several experts from Beihang have been deeply involved in the governance and service work of CCF for a long time and have made important contributions to the development of CCF.
The CCF 60th Anniversary Distinguished Contribution Awards were established by CCF on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of its founding to recognize individuals and units that have made outstanding contributions to CCF at all levels and in important projects and key matters in the course of its founding and development. After the nomination, selection, review and approval procedures of CCF Nomination Working Group and Selection Working Group, 60 individuals and 11 units were selected.

Academician Zhao Qinping
Professor Zhao Qinping has made outstanding contributions to the establishment of the CCF Professional Committee on Virtual Reality and Visualization Technology and has effectively led the work of the CCF Public Policy Committee and the Awards Committee.

Academician Qian Depei
Professor Qian Depei has served CCF for a long time and has performed his supervisory duties well during his tenure as the Chairman of CCF Supervisory Board. He has made important contributions to the standardization of CCF awards and the enhancement of their credibility during his tenure as the Chairman of the Awards Committee.

Prof. Ma Dianfu
Prof. Ma Dianfu has made important contributions to the standardization and development of CCF Professional Committee and the accreditation of engineering education in computer science.

Prof. Yin Baolin
Prof. Yin Baolin has been working in the NOI Scientific Committee for a long time and held leadership positions. He has made important contributions in promoting NOI reform and system construction and NOI automatic evaluation.


Reported by Fu Rao
Reviewed by Li Jianxin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:5
TITLE:Zhang Rong’s Team Won 5 Design Awards in A'Design Award and Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3111.htm
TEXT:
Zhang Rong’s Team Won 5 Design Awards in A'Design Award and Competition
                

                    Release time：June 7, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


With the 2021 A’Design Award and Competition coming to an end, five design works by Zhang Rong’s team from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation stood out from more than 100,000 works around the world, receiving one Silver Award, three Bronze Awards, and one Iron Award. 
A’Design Award and Competition is the largest global design award which covers the most countries and regions. With “Arts Autura Cultura” as its philosophy, the competition aims to become a fair platform for designers, creative people, and design companies from different fields to compete together, and has been recognized by the International Council of Graphic Design Associations (ICOGRADA) and the Bureau of European Design Association (BEDA). Winning a Silver Award means that the work is among the top 3%~5% of over 100,000 works submitted this year, while Bronze Award and Iron Award represent the top 5%~10% and 10%~20% respectively.

A’Design Award and Competition
The Compact Air Purifier, which concentrates on people’s need of low-cost compact air purifier, won the Silver Award. By redesigning the structure of the product and merging various parts such as the filter support parts, some appearance parts, and the wind tunnel parts into one, the team reduced the volume and costs of the air purifier and turned it into a small-scale air purifier with a 200m3/h CADR. Corner curves and the clean design illuminate its elegant impression.

Silver A’ Design Award Winner: Compact Air Purifier
The design Glacier Food Washing Machine won the Bronze Award. Glacier is a kitchen food cleaner that effectively removes pesticide residuals, heavy metal, fertilizer, and bacteria. The purpose of Glacier is to express extraordinary cleanliness and high-quality life attitude. The machine utilizes abstract polygons and large-scale instruction lights to build a picture of natural glacier that embodies purity and steadiness. Usage of large area of transparent PC material brings rich layering and overall attractiveness to the machine body. A large control panel is installed on the front side of Glacier with bottoms indicating “meat”, “fruits”, “vegetables”, etc. Users only need to put food into the machine and push the button to operate the machine.

Bronze A’ Design Award Winner: Glacier Food Washing Machine
Dodoshine, designed for an appliance brand that uses UV sterilization technology, won the Bronze Award. Designers are inspired by two aspects. First of all, “shine” expresses the sunshine lifestyle and UV technology. The “do” added to the front is not only an action instruction, but also means “more” in Chinese pronunciation. Second, designers found that famous fashion brands use exaggerated serifs on logos to impress consumers. Therefore, the designers carefully used a combination of such elements to make the brand image more fashionable. The name draws on the Chinese habit of using sunlight to kill bacteria, which not only promotes a healthy lifestyle, but also cleverly combines with the UV technology.

Bronze A’ Design Award Winner: Dodoshine Brand Design
The Natural Fountain Drinking Dispenser for Pets received the Bronze Award. The Natural Fountain (TNF) employs a timeless and inartificial design language that represents modern people’s attitude for pursuing a simple and cozy lifestyle. The curved surface of the soft top creates a water puddle for pets’ drinking need and conveys a pure concept from minimalism. TNF's geometric body carries innovative UV sterilization and water circulation filter system.

Bronze A’ Design Award Winner: The Natural Fountain (TNF) Drinking Dispenser for Pets
Air Btn UI Elements, which is inspired by the button shapes of different products and the brand image of the client, won the Bronze Award. The UI elements reflect the high quality of the products and enhance the brand image. The objective of the UI elements is to convey complex functions in a fast and simple way. These clear UI elements not only represent effective user communication, but also meet the manufacturing requirements of various products.

Bronze A’ Design Award Winner: Air Btn UI Elements
The Human Machine Interaction Lab directed by Zhang Rong has been focusing on innovative design for many years, and its team members include many undergraduates and postgraduates in the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation. The team was honored with the Red Dot Design Award in Germany in 2019, and their works have been displayed in the Red Dot Design Museum in Germany since then.



Reported by Qi Jianli
Reviewed by Zhang Zhigang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:6
TITLE:Beihang Holds 2021 Winter Running Festival
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3231.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds 2021 Winter Running Festival
                

                    Release time：December 21, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


To celebrate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China and to embrace the 70th anniversary of Beihang University next year, Beihang University has held the 2021 Winter Running Festival from December 3  to December 15. The running festival consists of the opening ceremony, the mid-week running, and the closing ceremony. About 3,500 participants from 23 schools have taken part in the mid-week running, and nearly 1,000 teachers and students have participated in the on-site competition.


The opening ceremony was held on the morning of December 12 at Shahe Campus, where individual competitions and group competitions were held with the participation of teachers and students. Individual competitors can register for the 4km race in the half course or the 8km race in the whole course. Group competitors need to finish a 4km race in the form of the dormitory group, the learning guidance group, or the couple group.

Cheng Bo, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, fired a gun to announce the opening ceremony







During the “mid-week running” stage, teachers and students of all participating schools have completed the long-distance running with a total mileage of at least 93km.




The closing ceremony was held on the afternoon of December 15 at Xueyuan Road Campus, where the “Face-to-Face Relay Race” was held with a total distance of 7km.

Vice President Lyu Weifeng fired a gun to announce the start of the closing ceremony




After nearly two weeks of fierce competition, the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and the Flying College won the first prize. The Sino-French Engineer School, the School of Energy and Power Engineering and Zhizhen College received the second prize, and the third prize went to the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, the School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering, the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Shou’e College and Fengru College, and the School of Electronics and Information Engineering.







With the theme of “promoting patriotism and implementing the purpose of national fitness of the Sunshine Sports Project,” the 2021 Winter Running Festival has ignited people’s passion for sports activities and demonstrated the spirit of teachers and students of Beihang University. This event was hosted by the Department of Sports, the Labor Union, the Department of Student Affairs, the Graduate School, and the Youth League Committee. The School of Electronics and Information Engineering and the Flying College have undertaken this event, and a total of 200 volunteers have assisted the organization.




Reported by Wang Xueyuan
Photographed by Zhang Xiuhui, Zhu Quan, Chen Mingyang, Duan Jiayi, 
Zhao Jinyu, Bu Yifan, Guo Erjian, Chen Gaozhang, and Wang Meiru
Reviewed by Su Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:7
TITLE:Five Beihang Students Win Title of “Outstanding Volunteer” at 2020 China International Fair for Trade in Services
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2150.htm
TEXT:
Five Beihang Students Win Title of “Outstanding Volunteer” at 2020 China International Fair for Trade in Services
                

                    Release time：October 20, 2020 / Yin Ruyue
                


On Octorber 9, Beihang received a certificate of appreciation from the Beijing Organizing and Service Leading Group of the China International Fair for Trade in Services (CIFTIS), expressing their gratitude to Beihang for participating in the volunteer work of 2020 CIFTIS. Five Beihang students, Cao Yuhan, Li Yihui, Liu Yangqi, Yu Wanhe and Yan Xin, were awarded the title of “Outstanding Volunteer”.

The 2020 CIFTIS is the first major international economic and trade event held in China since the outbreak of COVID-19, showcasing China’s remarkable results in epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development to the international community.
Beihang attached great importance to the CIFTIS volunteer support and actively organized related work such as the selection, training, security and induction of volunteers. 39 volunteers from Beihang provided services for Chinese and foreign participants at the Fair, working a total of 1,891 hours.


Reported by Ding Ruiyun
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yin Ruyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:8
TITLE:19th Beihang Graduate Singing Competition Held to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of China
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2329.htm
TEXT:
19th Beihang Graduate Singing Competition Held to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of China
                

                    Release time：May 23, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On the night of May 21, the 19th Beihang Graduate Singing Competition, with the theme of “Singing in Rhythm”, was held at Chenxing Concert Hall to celebrate the 70th anniversary of China. Over 800 teachers, students as well as relatives and friends of the participants attended the event.

With the countdown ringing three times, the final of the competition officially opened. The top ten singers of the competition brought the chorus “I Love You, China” (Wo Ai Ni Zhong Guo) jointly, which led the atmosphere into the first climax. Immersed in the beautiful singing, the audience waved glow sticks affectionately, showing their love for the great motherland and determination to fight for the country’s prosperity.

In the first round, the ten participants engaged in the one-on-one battle based on the drawing result before the competition, among whom Xia Tian, Zheng Ke, Zhou Qiang and Zhao Guanbo got a direct promotion to the next round. Only one of the other five singers was able to enter the next round according to the choice of 50 public judges, and Liu Yuzhang, with the highest tally, advanced to the next round.
In the second round, the six singers was divided into three groups. After the fierce competition between the two members in the same group, Ai Li, Xia Tian and Zheng Ke were able to contend for the first, second and third places.
In the last round, the three singers showed their highest level of singing. The professional judges decided that Zheng Ke from the School of Economics and Management won the first place, Ai Li from the School of Transportation Science and Engineering the second, and Xia Tian from the School of Economics and Management the third.

In addition, the competition set up four individual awards — “Highest Online Popularity Award”, “Best Interaction Award”, “Best Atmosphere Award” and “Best Stage Performance Award”.  Zhou Qiangdu from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation got the first three, and Ai Li won the last one.

The three-hour competition ended up with the song “A Night to Remember” (Nan Wang Jin Xiao) in the audience's prolonged applause.



Reported by Chen Yicong and Long Yuyang
Photographed by Dai Lu, Zhang Xinyue and Zhu Junxian
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:9
TITLE:Prof. Zhao Weisheng Elected IEEE Fellow for Contributions to Spintronic Integrated Circuit Design
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2422.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Zhao Weisheng Elected IEEE Fellow for Contributions to Spintronic Integrated Circuit Design
                

                    Release time：November 26, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Prof. Zhao Weisheng has been named an IEEE Fellow, Class of 2019, “for contributions to spintronic integrated circuit design.”

Prof. Zhao Weisheng received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Paris-Sud in 2007 and was nominated as tenured research scientist at CNRS in France in 2009. In 2013, He jointed Beihang University. He is currently deputy vice-dean of the School of Microelectronics at Beihang University, he is also the director of Fert Beijing Research Institute and Beihang-Goertek Joint Microelectronics Institute. He built the Beihang-UCLA joint laboratory for spintronics in 2016 and the Beihang-Stanford joint laboratory for spintronics in 2017. He designed magnetic skyrmion racetrack memory and neuromorphic devices utilizing voltage controlled magnetic anisotropy, and built the open-sourcing model base for spintronics SPINLIB. He also verified the field-free switching of a perpendicular magnetic tunnel junction through the interplay of spin–orbit and spin-transfer torque (the article was published in Nature Electronics online two weeks ago).
Currently, Prof. Zhao Weisheng is in charge of a number of major projects, e.g., the National Major Scientific Research Instruments and Equipments Development Project of NSFC, the intellectual introduction base program ("111 Program") of the Ministry of Education, and the Beijing Science and Technology Planning Project. He serves in the editorial board of several SCI journals, including IEEE Trans. Circuits Syst. I: Reg. Papers, IEEE Trans. on Nanotech and IET Electronic Letters. He has published over 200 papers as the first or the corresponding author in top publications like Nature Electronics and Proceeding of the IEEE.
IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) is the world’s leading professional association dedicated to advancing technological innovation and excellence forhumanity. The IEEE Grade of Fellow is one of the most prestigious honors of the IEEE, and is conferred upon a very limited number of Senior Members who have outstanding record of contributions in any of the IEEE fields of interest. The number of IEEE Fellows selected in a year is no more than one-tenth of one-percent of the total voting membership. Prof. Zhao Weisheng is one of the young scientists under the age of 40 elected the IEEE Fellow (no more than 10 people in the world every year).
 
Reported by Shao Lin
Reviewed by Liang Enhe
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:10
TITLE:BUAA-TUT Summer School Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2486.htm
TEXT:
BUAA-TUT Summer School Held
                

                    Release time：August 10, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                



From July 8 to July 23, 20 students from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, the Fengru College, the Shijia College and the Shoue College of Beihang University took part in the BUAA-TUT Summer School.



The School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Beihang University, signed a cooperation agreement with the Laboratory of Automation of Hydraulics, Tampere University of Technology (TUT), to cooperate on the exchange of teachers and students, scientific researches, joint cultivation of doctoral students and so on. The advantageous disciplines of the laboratory are the applications of materials, designs, water hydraulics and machine control in robotics and intelligent manufacturing. Courses related to project management are specially offered for summer school students to improve their engineering and management abilities. Students of Beihang University mainly took the two courses named “Basis of Intelligent Control” and “Advanced Robot Technology”. Besides, professors of TUT also took the students to the Advanced Robotics and Controls Lab, which significantly enriched the forms and contents of teaching. Students formed different research groups and performed well in the course task. They were awarded course certificates by TUT when the courses were finished.   
Besides study, the summer school also arranged various cultural exchange activities. Students experienced not only the sauna culture and Tampere music festivals, but also the unique history and culture of Tampere. 


Tampere University of Technology, the most well-known Finish science and technology university, ranks fourth among the universities in Finland. TUT maintains close relationships with many famous transnational companies in scientific researches. It is one of the main hubs in Finland to cultivate innovative scientific talents. The Technology Centre Hermia, where the research and development centers of Nokia, Microsoft and Intel are located, is next to the university campus. The world’s first GSM call was made from TUT.


  Reported by Ma Tian
Edited by Cun Lei
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:11
TITLE:Beihang University Invited to Attend 13th Sino-Japanese University Presidents Forum
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3653.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University Invited to Attend 13th Sino-Japanese University Presidents Forum
                

                    Release time：December 13, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


From November 28 to 30, the 13th Sino-Japanese University Presidents Forum was held in Hiroshima, Japan. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun was invited to attend the event and deliver a special report.

Hosted by Peking University and the University of Tokyo, and assisted by Hiroshima University, the forum brought together more than 160 representatives from more than 40 leading universities, government organizations and academic institutions from China and Japan to conduct in-depth exchanges on the theme of "Diversity and Integration: Talents and Higher Education for the Future". Wu Jianghao, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of China to Japan, and Masaaki Saijo, Chief Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan attended and addressed the opening ceremony.
Huang Haijun made a special speech on the topic of "The Internationalized Development of Beihang in the Post-Pandemic Era", expounded the thinking and practice of Beihang's internationalization in the new era, shared the fruitful results of cooperation with Japan, and put forward constructive proposals for strengthening further cooperation between Beihang and Japanese universities in the fields of scientific research platform construction and personnel training, hoping that the higher education of China and Japan can make joint progress and contribute to the development of global higher education.

During the forum, Huang Haijun met with Waseda University Executive Vice President Masahiko Gemma and Hiroshima University Executive Vice President Shinji Kaneko respectively for in-depth exchanges on expanding and deepening bilateral cooperation.

The Sino-Japanese University Presidents Forum was jointly initiated by Peking University and the University of Tokyo, and the first meeting was held in Tokyo in October 2000. The forum has been held every two years since then. It is a high-level forum with the participation of major Chinese and Japanese universities and relevant government agencies, with the purpose of extensively discussing the current situation of higher education in China and Japan, promoting academic and student exchanges between the two countries, and exploring new ideas in the field of higher education and research in the two countries.


Written by: Chen Cui
Reviewed by: Weng Jingnong
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:12
TITLE:Beihang-Developed “Feng Ru 3-100” Sets Drone Flight Time World Record
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3164.htm
TEXT:
Beihang-Developed “Feng Ru 3-100” Sets Drone Flight Time World Record
                

                    Release time：October 11, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


On October 1, the National Day, exciting news came that the International Aeronautical Federation (FAI) officially certified a new world record for the endurance of a 25-100kg class oil-powered fixed-wing UAV set by the “Feng Ru 3” team from Beihang University. The “Feng Ru 3-100” drone created by the team flew continuously for 80 hours, 46 minutes and 35 seconds, beating the previous world record of 80 hours, 2 minutes and 52 seconds set in 2014 by “Orion,” an oil-powered fixed-wing drone of Boeing subsidiary Aurora Flight Sciences.

Successful flight of “Feng Ru 3-100” UAV
Developed, designed and manufactured by the “Feng Ru 3” team of Beihang University, the “Feng Ru 3-100” UAV is equipped with high-strength structure, ultra-low fuel consumption and full autonomous flight control capability. It is black with a wingspan of about 10 meters and a submarine-shaped body made of carbon fiber composite materials. The UAV, powered by a gasoline engine, has a total weight of about 60kg with full fuel. During the flight, it carries a simulated payload of about 3kg. The ultimate goal is to carry a payload of about 10-15kg and stay in the air for five days.
The drone is named as “Feng Ru 3-100”, which is not just a commemoration of Feng Ru, the father of China’s aviation, and those who have devoted themselves in the development of China’s aviation industry over the past 110 years, but also a celebration of the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.
It is reported that on October 3, 2019, the first members of the “Feng Ru 3” team of Beihang University has set a world record in flight endurance for oil-powered UAVs with 25-100kg maximum take-off weight (MTOW) after a non-stop flight of 30 hours, 6 minutes and 42 seconds.
In the following two years, the team has successively completed the selection and training of new members, and achieved breakthrough innovations in structure, power and flight control system, etc. The record-breaking second-stage team members consist of 25 undergraduates from four grades and different majors, with an average age of no more than 20 years old, and over 90% of them are post-00s.

Team members are processing parts in the factory
During the research and development process, thousands of hours of tests and more than 10 rounds of test flights were conducted to verify various performances. Despite of numerous failures and obstacles, however, these team members with an average age of no more than 20 years old were never intimidated to give up trying.
After several tests, the team officially launched the record-breaking test flight of the “Feng Ru 3-100” UAV in Xuchang, Henan province, on May 18, 2021. Observers Wang Baoqing and Liu Aiqiang from the Aero Sports Federation of China (ASFC) were commissioned by the FAI to confirm the duration of the flight and the validity of the flight activities.

Observers onsite to confirm the validation offlight records
The “Feng Ru 3” team is organized by the Fengru College of Beihang University. As a young innovation team, “Feng Ru 3” is a new exploration of Beihang University to cultivate top innovative talents in the face of revolutionary and subversive technological changes in the field of space. And now the team has welcomed its third-stage team members.

Photo of the “Feng Ru 3” team members


Reported by Liu Yaxi, Tian Ge, and Feng Jiarui
Photographed by Lin Zhaoru, Li Haohai, and Zhang Xiuhui
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:13
TITLE:Research Ream Led by Yang Hailong Honored with Best Paper Award at Bench'20
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/2893.htm
TEXT:
Research Ream Led by Yang Hailong Honored with Best Paper Award at Bench'20
                

                    Release time：January 4, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The research team led by Associate Professor Yang Hailong from the School of Computer Science and Engineering has won the Best Paper Award at the BenchCouncil International Symposium on Benchmarking, Measuring and Optimizing (Bench'20), for their paper entitled “swRodinia: A Benchmark Suite for Exploiting Architecture Properties of Sunway Processor”. The paper was also honored with BenchCouncil Award for Excellence for Reproducible Research at the symposium.

Organized by the International Open Benchmark Council (BenchCouncil), the Bench Symposium is an international conference with a focus on benchmarking, measuring and optimizing. The Bench'20 was held online on November 15 and 16, covering topics of big data, AI, block chain, high performance computing, DataCenter, IoT, etc.
In the paper, the famous Rodinia benchmark suite was transplanted to the domestic Shenwei multi-core processor, and various optimization strategies were adopted to make full use of the architecture characteristics of Shenwei processor to achieve high performance. The optimization strategies were then analyzed in depth, and the factors limiting further optimization were also pointed out. Besides, the paper, based on the findings in the process and test results of transplantation, provided insights into the software optimization of Shenwei architecture, and also gave some suggestions for the future design of Shenwei processor. The reviewers commented that “the paper demonstrated a trade-off between programming efficiency and performance”, and “it presented a variety of optimization strategies to take full advantage of the architecture characteristics of Shenwei processor to achieve high performance”.
The team of Yang Hailong has achieved a series of innovative and practical research results in the fields of performance analysis tools, system structure, optimizing compilers, deep learning, task scheduling, etc. More than 20 research papers have been published in renowned international conferences and journals such as SC, PLDI, ICSE, TPDS, TCAD, TACO, ICS, ICPP and CLUSTER.

Reported by Luan Zhongzhi
Reviewed by Wang Yunhong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:14
TITLE:Breakthrough 'Recipe' for Inkjet Printing of New Graphene-Like Materials Could Enable High-Volume Manufacturing of Next-Generation Lasers and Optoelectronic Technologies
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2581.htm
TEXT:
Breakthrough 'Recipe' for Inkjet Printing of New Graphene-Like Materials Could Enable High-Volume Manufacturing of Next-Generation Lasers and Optoelectronic Technologies
                

                    Release time：September 11, 2017 / 
                


Since the discovery of the Nobel Prize-winning material graphene, many new nanomaterials have emerged with similarly remarkable properties that promise to deliver exciting new optical and electronic technologies. Black phosphorous (BP) is a particularly interesting post-graphene material that offers many opportunities for new laser and photonic devices; yet despite its remarkable performance in the lab, practical real-world exploitation of this unique material has been hindered by its complex material fabrication and poor environmental stability.

Recent breakthrough from an interdisciplinary team of international researchers at Beihang University, University of Cambridge, Imperial College London and Zhejiang University, now offers hope of overcoming BP’s disadvantages by demonstrating a simple 'recipe' for the production of 'inks' of BP that are compatible with conventional inkjet printing techniques, making the scalable mass manufacture of BP-based photonic and optoelectronic devicespossible for the first time. The team of scientists led by Dr. Tawfique Hasan from University of Cambridge carefully optimized the chemical composition to achieve a stable ink through the balance of complex and competing fluidic effects. This enabled the production of new functional optoelectronic devices by high-speed printing with excellent print quality and uniformity—just like the printing of intricate graphics or photographs on paper. The researcher's work, recently published in Nature Communications, demonstrated the benefits of their novel technique by inkjet printing devices that take advantage of BP's remarkable properties, not least its semiconducting bandgap that can be readily varied by engineering the number of atomic layers and can cover the visible and near-infrared region of the electromagnetic spectrum.

The researchers demonstrated printed BP based nonlinear optical devices that can be easily inserted into lasers to act as ultra-quick optical shutters, converting a continuous beam of laser radiation into a repetitive series of very short bursts of light (or pulses) highly suited to industrial and medical applications, such as machining, drilling, imaging and sensing. Leading the work on lasers, Dr. Meng Zhang from Beihang University said “our nonlinear optical device design using BP achieves a significantly better performance and operational stability than any other previous demonstration, making it a step change towards new photonic devices and architectures using this novel material.” The team also demonstrated the ability of BP to act as an efficient and highly-responsive detector of light, extending the wavelength range beyond which conventional silicon-based photodetectors can achieve.

The lead author, Mr Guohua Hu from the University of Cambridge added:“We demonstrate a unique way to exploit this new 2D material for optoelectronics and photonics, creating many new opportunities”. Importantly, the BP ink can be seamlessly integrated with existing CMOS technologies, while the inkjet printing technique developed offers the tantalizing prospect of supporting the fabrication of so-called heterostructured materials that aim to capitalize on the distinct, yet complementary properties of multiple nanomaterial layers through controlled fabrication.
Refs:
Black phosphorus ink formulation for inkjet printing of optoelectronics and photonics, DOI:10.1038/s41467-017-00358-1
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-017-00358-1
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:15
TITLE:“Poems and Songs Travelling Through a Millennium” Concert Staged at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3609.htm
TEXT:
“Poems and Songs Travelling Through a Millennium” Concert Staged at Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 16, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On the evening of October 12, the “Poems and Songs Travelling Through a Millennium” Chinese ancient poetry concert by China National Opera House was presented at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. The concert, which took the team two years to elaborate, mesmerized the audience through the magnificent interweaving of poems and songs and boosted the building of campus culture through the active demonstration of traditional Chinese culture.

Poems and songs have been deeply intertwined since ancient times. They were effective means for people to record their daily lives and express their inner feelings. Hidden in these melodious lines were ancient people’s purest sentiments, which travelled through a millennium to reach our audience.
Famous masterpieces such as On the Height by Du Fu, Passing by the Northern Mountains by Wang Wan, and The Moon over the River on a Spring Night by Zhang Ruoxu, were staged respectively, unleashing the beauty hidden in the rhythm. From the melody, the compassion for people’s suffering, the lament for life’s bitterness, the concern for the nation, and the quest for philosophy could be easily sensed.



Accompanied by applause, the concert reached several climaxes. In the beauty of music, Beihang teachers and students explored the rich content of the ancient Chinese civilization and enjoyed spiritual nourishment.


The China National Opera House was established in 1952 under the Ministry of Culture and Tourism. As the most influential art group in the Asia-Pacific region, it has created a large number of excellent plays and attained numerous awards in 70 years of development. With international and open features, it has actively disseminated excellent Chinese culture on the international stage on multiple occasions.


Written by: Du Jingwen
Photos by: Li Peiyang
Reviewed by: Li Jianwei
Edited by: Chen Wenjia
Translated by: Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:16
TITLE:Beihang Undergraduate Wins iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD 2018
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2489.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Undergraduate Wins iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD 2018
                

                    Release time：August 6, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, Li Xuanhao, an undergraduate from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, won the iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD 2018 in its first round with a design named “Deicing Drone”. Li is a junior majoring in industrial design and received advice for the award from Mr. Yin Hu, a teacher from the same school.  
The first round of the iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD 2018 had four topics, of which “What iF your ideas created new services by using drones?” was Li’s choice. Designed to prevent the collapse of power transmission tower caused by heavy ice burden in cold weather, the deicing drone can move along the power lines and clean the ice, replacing the unsafe and inefficient manual work. The design will be showcased at the iF design exhibition Hamburg for the whole year and always presented in the iF design app.




The award-winning design and the certificate
Set up in 1953, the iF DESIGN AWARD is regularly organized each year by iF International Forum Design GmbH, the oldest industrial design institution in Germany, and the iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD was created later for students and young designers worldwide. As one of the highest awards of its kind, the iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD serves as a perfect platform for them to show their design ability, perceive the international design trends and express their thoughts. Over 10,000 designs were submitted to the first round of the iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD 2018, and 62 of them received the award.
  
Reported by Liu Jinghua
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:17
TITLE:Beihang Signs Cooperation Agreement with Université Paris-Saclay
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2432.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Cooperation Agreement with Université Paris-Saclay
                

                    Release time：November 14, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Recently, President Xu Huibin, on behalf of Beihang University, signed Memorandum on Beihang University - Université Paris-Saclay Cooperation and Beihang University - Université Paris-Saclay Agreement on Double-Degree Doctoral Program with President Gilles Bloch of Université Paris-Saclay in Paris, France. According to related agreements, the two universities will launch all-round and multi-level cooperation in jointly training, exchange of teachers, scientific research and other aspects.
Beisides, Beihang also signed Beihang University - Universite Paris-Sud Agreement on Double-Degree Master's Program with Universite Paris-Sud, a subordinate member of Université Paris-Saclay.


The signing of memorandum of cooperation with Université Paris-Saclay marks the official establishment of comprehensive university-level partnership between the two universities. Under this framework, both sides will actively promote scientific research, personnel exchanges, and joint training cooperation.
According to the Beihang University - Université Paris-Saclay Agreement on Double-Degree Doctoral Program, the two universities will carry out joint doctoral training cooperation in the fields of computer science, economics, mathematics, physics, and so on. Under the joint guidance of tutors from both universities, the students will be cultivated in Beijing and Paris, and the qualified students finally obtain their doctoral degrees awarded by the two universities.
In line with the Beihang University - Universite Paris-Sud agreement, the two universities will undertake the program of joint training of double master’s degrees based on the principle of free tuition and mutual recognition of credit. Each year, master students in Electronics will be sent to study in the other university, and finally get the master's degrees from both universities.


The Université Paris-Saclay is a multiversity established in the southern suburbs of Paris in December 2014, under the leadership and support of the French government. With the aim to become a world top-10 research university, the University of Paris-Saclay integrates 14 academic institutions like Universite Paris-Sud, Centrale-Supélec, ENS Paris-Saclay and CNRS. According to the US News Rankings 2019, the Université Paris-Saclay ranks 30th in the world and 1st in France. Beihang has conducted long-term and fruitful cooperation with several member units of the Université Paris-Saclay such as Centrale-Supélec and Universite Paris-Sud previously. The signing of collaboration between Beihang and Université Paris-Saclay will be conductive to further expanding key areas of cooperation and establishing strategic partnership between the two sides. 
  
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo 
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:18
TITLE:Academician Zhong Qunpeng Receives Lifetime Achievement Award in Special Equipment Safety and Energy-saving
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/2894.htm
TEXT:
Academician Zhong Qunpeng Receives Lifetime Achievement Award in Special Equipment Safety and Energy-saving
                

                    Release time：January 7, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Academician Zhong Qunpeng has been honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award in Special Equipment Safety and Energy-saving for his outstanding contributions to the advancement of this field.

Academician Zhong graduated as a graduate student from Beijing Institute of Aeronautics (now known as Beihang University) in 1957. He was the director of the Failure Analysis and Prevention Institute, the China-Canada Senior Talent Training Center for Failure Analysis and Prevention, and the Academic Committee of Beihang University. He also served as the vice president of many societies and associations including Chinese Mechanical Engineering Society (CMES), China Society of Safety Production Science and Technology, China Occupational Safety and Health Association, China Quality Inspection Association, China Promotion Association for Special Equipment Safety and Energy-saving, etc. He is currently the honorary director of the Academic Committee of Beihang University and the Failure Analysis Institution of the CMES, the consultant of Chinese People's Liberation Army Air Force on Sci-Tech Development and Talent Cultivation and the China Standardization Expert Committee, as well as the director of editorial boards of Chinese Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Journal of Safety Science and Technology.

Academician Zhong is well known for his contributions to the field of failure analysis and prevention. He has carried out systematic and groundbreaking research on fracture analysis, mechanism and control of cold brittle fracture, applications of failure prediction and prevention, and exploration of safety philosophy. Academician Zhong has led and participated in over 500 projects on the analysis, diagnosis, prediction and prevention of safety accidents, and published more than 150 academic papers. He has won two national scientific and technological progress awards, seven first prizes of provincial or ministry-level awards, and one science and technology achievement award from Chinese Mechanical Engineering Society.

Reported by Wang Qing
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:19
TITLE:Beihang Team Wins Grand Prize in 4th National Cryptography Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2419.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Wins Grand Prize in 4th National Cryptography Competition
                

                    Release time：December 3, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


The final of the 4th National Cryptography Competition, guided by the State Cryptography Administration and sponsored by the Chinese Association for Cryptologic Research, was held in Hangzhou Dianzi University on November 24th. After two rounds of anonymous expert review, 96 teams from 42 universities made their way to the final. In the final competition, after anonymous demonstrations, oral defense and expert review, 2 grand prizes, 13 first prizes, 25 second prizes and several third prizes were awarded to the winners, among which Beihang team stood out from the crowd and obtained good results.


Guided by Guo Hua, Associate Professor of the School of Cyberspace Security, 3 teams from Beihang University won a special prize, a second prize and a third prize respectively in this competition, and they were unanimously praised by the experts. At the awards ceremony, Wang Jie, Director of the Chinese Association for Cryptologic Research, and Wang Yongchuan, Deputy Director of Office of Security Commercial Code Administration, issued certificates for the teams who won the grand prizes and took photos with them together.
Founded in 2015 and guided by the State Cryptography Administration, the National Cryptography Competition aims to raise the awareness of cipher, popularize the knowledge of cipher, try out the technology of cipher and discover the talents of cipher. Its participants are mainly college students. The competition is the highest-ranking and the most influential cryptography competition in China. This year, a record 657 students in 219 teams from 48 universities participated in this competition.
  
Reported by Guan Tianyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Liu Jianwei
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:20
TITLE:Beihang Physics Tournament Seminar Held Online
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2193.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Physics Tournament Seminar Held Online
                

                    Release time：May 6, 2020 / Ren Chenjie
                


Recently, the fifth Beihang Physics Tournament Seminar was held online, during which the relevant teachers and members from eight teams had an in-depth exchange of views on the competition.
As the campus contest of China Undergraduate Physics Tournament (CUPT), Beihang Physics Tournament is organized by the Office of Academic Affairs, the School of Physics, and the Physics Tournament Association. CUPT has been postponed this year due to the outbreak of COVID-19.
To urge the participating teams to actively prepare for the competition, the Physics Tournament Association decided to hold this online semimar for students to exchange their research results. With Tencent Meeting, the eight teams reported their research progress and outcomes successively. The teachers and members of the Association pointed out issues and put forward constructive suggestions to the team members. The seminar finished after a delay of at least two hours for their enthusiastic discussion.

At the end of the seminar, the students was recognzied by the teachers and members of the association for their great efforts and expected to make contributions to the progress of Beihang Physics Tournament.
CUPT is one of the most significant undergraduate innovation competitions. By innovatively developing such a contest pattern, Beihang holds its own physics tournament to deepen students’ understanding of physics, improve their basic scientific research capacity, and enhance the spirit of innovation and teamwork.


Reported by Zhang Gaolong
Reviewed by Li Guangchao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:21
TITLE:Beihang and Peking Union Medical College Hospital Sign Strategic Cooperation Agreement
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3551.htm
TEXT:
Beihang and Peking Union Medical College Hospital Sign Strategic Cooperation Agreement
                

                    Release time：July 8, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


In order to actively advance the innovation of medical-industrial cross-integration, serve people’s life and health, and promote the theme education in a deep and practical way, the signing ceremony of the strategic cooperation agreement between Beihang and Peking Union Medical College Hospital (PUMCH) was held on the morning of July 4 at Xueyuan Road Campus, Beihang University. Director of Beijing Municipal Health Commission Liu Juncai, PUMCH President Zhang Shuyang, Party Secretary Wu Peixin, Vice Presidents Yang Dungan and Du Bin, as well as Beihang Party Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng and Vice President Tao Zhi attended the signing ceremony. Tao Zhi presided over the event.

Zhao Changlu and Wang Yunpeng extended their warm welcome to representatives from Beijing Municipal Health Commission and PUMCH, expressed their heartfelt thanks for the two units’ long-standing support to Beihang, and paid high tribute to the outstanding achievements of PUMCH in protecting people’s health and safety over all these years.


Zhang Shuyang and Wu Peixin expressed their sincere gratitude to Beihang for its continuous support to the hospital and its ceaseless endeavors in making this cooperation possible, and gratefully acknowledged the substantial support from the Beijing Municipal Health Commission to PUMCH.


Liu Juncai sent her warm congratulations to Beihang and PUMCH on behalf of the Beijing Municipal Health Commission, and said that the Commission will continue to support the progress of Beihang and PUMCH, create a favorable development environment and policy space for both sides, promote the innovation and commercialization of medical science and technology, and actively serve the “four centers” construction goal of Beijing.

Zhang Shuyang and Wang Yunpeng signed the agreement on behalf of PUMCH and Beihang, respectively.

Before the signing ceremony, the participants visited the Beihang University History Museum.

Other attendees included heads of relevant departments from Beijing Municipal Health Commission and PUMCH, as well as leaders of competent departments and schools from Beihang.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:22
TITLE:2018 IEEE/CSAA Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference Successfully Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2482.htm
TEXT:
2018 IEEE/CSAA Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference Successfully Held
                

                    Release time：August 23, 2018 / Li Siying
                



From August 10 to 12, the 2018 IEEE/CSAA Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference (IEEE/CSAA GNCC2018) was held successfully in Xiamen, Fujian Province. Over 680 representatives and guests attended the conference.

Organized by Xiamen University, the IEEE/CSAA GNCC2018 was sponsored by Technical Committee on Guidance, Navigation and Control (TCGNC) (a committee that affiliated with Beihang University), the National Key Laboratory of Flight Vehicle Control Incorporation Technology of Beihang University, the IEEE Control Systems Society (CSS) Chapter, Nanjing. The Technical Committee on Control Theory (TCCT) provided technical support.


You Yancheng, Executive Vice President of School of Aerospace Engineering, Xiamen University presided over the opening ceremony. Yao Junchen, Secretary General of Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics (CSAA), Lai Hongkai, Deputy Secretary of CPC, Xiamen University, and Wang Yingxun, President of Institute of Unmanned Systems of Beihang University and Director of TCGNC, delivered their speeches respectively. He You, Academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, and Jiao Zongxia, Director of the National Key Laboratory of Flight Vehicle Control Incorporation Technology of Beihang University attended the opening ceremony.




Four scholars were invited to make keynote reports respectively, including Major General Fan Bangkui, Academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering; Prof. Ben M. Chen, IEEE Fellow, Professor of National University of Singapore; Prof. Bengt Lennartson, IEEE Fellow, Professor of Chalmers University of Technology; and Prof. Chen Yangquan from the University of California.
Besides, the conference established the “Chief Designers Forum” of Guidance, Navigation and Control firstly. The engineers invited included Researcher Chen Yong, Deputy Chief Engineer of CSIC; Researcher Jiang Luhua, Deputy Chief Designer of SADRI; Researcher Sun Zhixiao, Deputy Director of Shenyang Aircraft Design and Research Institute; Researcher Zhu Xueyao, Deputy Chief Designer of Xi'an Flight Automatic Control Research Institute. These practitioners of guidance, navigation and control exchanged views on the new challenges and opportunities facing the industry with their first-hand experiences.
The Conference drew a great number of experts and scholars from various countries such as China, the USA, Britain, Canada, Sweden, Singapore, and India. All papers accepted were shown through oral presentations and posters.


After several rounds of review, the program committee decided on the winners of LI Ming Best Paper Award, FENG Ru Best Paper Award, and Poster Best Paper Award. Yu Yingrong, a doctoral student from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University won the FENG Ru Best Paper Award.
In addition, the conference set up "Young Scientist Forum" for the first time. Academician He You of the Chinese Academy of Engineering gave an invited talk for the Forum.


IEEE/CSAA GNCC has been successfully held for eight times. Currently, it is the largest Chinese academic conference in the field of guidance, navigation and control.
IEEE/CSAA GNCC2020 will be held in Tianjin from August 7 to August 9, 2020.


  
Reported by Tang Renlin and Wu Jun
Edited by Wen Zhiming
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:23
TITLE:Team of Prof. Fan Yubo Published Article in Advanced Functional Materials on Wearable and Implantable TENGs
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2354.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Fan Yubo Published Article in Advanced Functional Materials on Wearable and Implantable TENGs
                

                    Release time：April 15, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, a review article by the team of Prof. Fan Yubo from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University and Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering and the team led by Academician Wang Zhonglin and a research fellow Li Zhou, who are from Beijing Institute of Nanoenergy and Nanosystems, Chinese Academy of Sciences, was published in Advanced Functional Materials. The article systematically summarizes the current state of development and understanding of wearable and implantable Triboelectric Nanogenerators (TENGs) and related applications in portable electronic devices. The article points out that it is necessary to develop better anti-interference and adaptive systems for the wearable TENGs, which works as active sensors in case of bad environment, while the implantable TENGs should respond to challenges like long-acting bio-security, effective immobilization and minimally invasive operation and so on. Feasible solutions are also provided in the article. Liu Zhuo, a PhD student from Beihang University is the first author of the article.

Portable electronic devices like wearable and implantable ones are being more widely used in daily life and clinical care, especially with the trend that such devices are becoming more intelligent with smaller size, more functions and greater flexibility.
However, the fact that batteries should be charged or changed frequently hinders the development of portable electronic devices. The intractable problem poses challenge particularly to implantable medical devices for clinical uses including pacemakers, brain pacemakers and neurostimulators. Besides, to change battery in such cases, patients have to face potential surgical risks due to reoperation and cover expensive medical expenses. Therefore, it is urgent to come up with practical solutions to provide safe, environmental friendly and sustainable energy for these portable electronic devices. The TENG based on the coupling between triboelectric effect and electrostatic induction can effectively convert mechanical energy into electric energy, which offers a feasible solution for the energy supply.
With the rapid development of advanced functional materials and nanotechnology, greater breakthrough is bound to be made in wearable and implantable TENGs. It is expected that the TENG will not only supply energy for portable electronic devices but also work as an active sensor to receive and analyze physiological signals.
The research was supported by National Key R&D Program of China, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, China Postdoctoral Science Fundation, Beijing Municipal Science & Technology Commission and the National Young Top-Notch Talent Program.

Reported by Guo Meng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:24
TITLE:Deputy Secretary Di Tao Gives Guidance on Back-to-Campus Affairs at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2184.htm
TEXT:
Deputy Secretary Di Tao Gives Guidance on Back-to-Campus Affairs at Beihang
                

                    Release time：June 5, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On the afternoon of June 2, a delegation led by Di Tao, Deputy Secretary of Beijing Municipal Education Commission, visited Beihang University and gave guidance on back-to-campus affairs, together with Beihang Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, President Assistant Cheng Bo and representatives from other departments.

At the campus, Di Tao learned about the preparation work for back-to-campus affairs in detail, and examined the whole process of entering the university as well as the health and security of dormitories and canteens. In addition, Zhao Gang introduced the university's preparation for the prevention and control of the epidemic and the return to campus.


Later at the meeting held at the Ruxin Conference Center, Di Tao highly recognized Beihang's strict requirements and careful arrangements for the epidemic prevention and control and back-to-campus affairs. He called for greater efforts in strengthening areas of weakness and considering any emergency that may happen in the process.

At the end of the meeting, Zhao Gang pointed out that Beihang will fully implement the requirements on campus epidemic prevention and control. Guided by the principle of “safety and warmth”, Beihang set up a work group responsible for back-to-campus affairs to ensure the smooth and organized return of students.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:25
TITLE:2019 Beihang Internationalization Promotion Conference Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2373.htm
TEXT:
2019 Beihang Internationalization Promotion Conference Held
                

                    Release time：March 18, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On the afternoon of March 12, the 2019 Beihang Internationalization Promotion Conference was held at Ruxin Conference Center. Representatives from International Division and heads and secretaries in charge of foreign affairs from all schools attended the conference. The conference was presided over by Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University.

In his address, Vice President Huang noted that Beihang should push forward the process of internationalization, which is of cardinal importance to build Beihang into a world-class university. All the schools should stive to develop international cooperation positively, build up more cooperative partnerships, and expand communication channels for undergraduate exchange.

Li Deyu, Director of International Division, made a report which reviewed the achievements and problems in the international work over the past year, underlined the direction and focal points in 2019, and introduced the requirements and conditions accordingly.
Following that, the participants conducted in-depth discussions and exchanged their opinions on various topics like how to improve the quality of international cooperation, mobilize students to participate in international exchange programs, establish and improve the coordination and information sharing mechanism between schools and the university, and do a good job in the management of introducing professionals and foreign teachers.

Reported by Li Feifei and Jiang Yue
Photographed by Han Siyu
Reviewed by Yan Yang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:26
TITLE:President and Vice-Chancellor of University of Surrey Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2488.htm
TEXT:
President and Vice-Chancellor of University of Surrey Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：August 6, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of August 2nd, Professor G. Q. Max Lu, President and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Surrey, and his wife visited Beihang University. Beihang President Xu Huibin, together with relevant leaders from International Division, the School of Materials Science and Engineering, the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering and the School of Chemistry, warmly received the guests.
During his talk, President Xu extended his welcome to President Lu and his wife, and briefed them on the recent development of Beihang in talent cultivation, scientific research and global cooperation. President Lu thanked for the friendly reception and elaborated on the achievements accomplished by the University of Surrey in the fields of education and scientific research in recent years. The two sides briefly reviewed the existing achievements of cooperation between the two universities, fully exchanged ideas and finally reached consensus on fostering further in-depth cooperation in the fields of microsatellites, materials, communications and computer science.

During the visit, President Lu presented an academic report entitled “Accelerating Innovation in Energy Materials” in Ruxin Conference Center. Based on the recent research in the field of materials science, he profoundly expounded the important role of materials science and technology in energy conversion, storage and utilization and the significance of industry-university-research cooperation in promoting scientific and technological innovation, under the background of global energy shortage. The report was warmly welcomed by the teachers and students attending the meeting.

President Lu and his wife also toured related laboratories of the School of Materials Science and Engineering and Beijing Air and Space Museum at Beihang University.
Founded in 1891, the University of Surrey is a prestigious research university in Britain. Its top majors include electronics, computer technology, biological science, materials, economics and management. Professor Lu has been President and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Surrey since April 2016. Previously he was Provost and Senior Vice-President at the University of Queensland, Australia. He has made seminal contributions to science and innovation in nanomaterials and their applications in clean energy and environmental technologies. He is Fellow of Institution of Chemical Engineers, Royal Society of Chemistry, Australian Academy of Science, Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering, and World Academy of Science.
 
Reported by Gao Yuan and Qiu Zhichao
Edited by Cun Lei
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:27
TITLE:Beihang Holds Chinese New Year Celebration Party
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2215.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Chinese New Year Celebration Party
                

                    Release time：January 23, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On the morning of January 22, Beihang’s Chinese New Year Celebration Party was held at the No. 6 canteen located in the north part of the campus. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Deputy Party Secretary and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, and representatives from different schools and departments attended the event in celebration of the upcoming Chinese New Year.

Filled with laughter and happiness, the party featured many interesting traditional Chinese activities. Teachers and students got together to learn the art of paper-cutting, taste the sweet-and-sour Tanghulu (sugar-coated haws), spin cotton candies and make dumplings.

Cao Shumin sent her new year’s greetings to all and extended her thanks to the Beihangers who had made fruitful achievements in the past year. She pointed out that as a member of Beihang University, we should take on the responsibility of the era and live life to the full.

President Xu delivered his New Year wishes to all Beihangers and alumni around the world. Meanwhile, he warned teachers and students to protect themselves from the coronavirus and take precautions against the disease. He hoped that Beihangers can continue to pursue their “aerospace dreams” in the new year.

After the greetings from the university leaders, the participants enjoyed beautiful songs, Chinese traditional crosstalk and erhu performance. Splendid shows and interesting games filled the day with fantasy and fun.

The past year witnessed great achievements of Beihang University, which were all achieved by the painstaking efforts of Beihangers. In 2020, Beihangers will seize the day and live it to the full, striving to earn greater honor in the new year.


Reported by Sun Tianxu
Edited by Gao Minjiang
Reviewed by Dong Zhuoning
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:28
TITLE:Deputy Managing Director of ESTACA Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2453.htm
TEXT:
Deputy Managing Director of ESTACA Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 12, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


On the morning of October 9, the delegation led by Pascal Bidan, Deputy Managing Director of École Supérieure des Techniques Aéronautiques et de Construction Automobile (ESTACA), visited Beihang. Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, received the delegation at the Conference Center of the New Main Building, accompanied by representatives from the International Division and the Sino-French Engineer School.

Huang Haijun expressed warm welcome to the delegation. He reviewed the previous cooperation achievements of the two sides and hoped that the cooperation in scientific research and joint postgraduate cultivation could be further strengthened.
Biden first showed his gratitude for the hospitality of Beihang. Then, he presented the information about ESTACA in terms of scientific research, university-enterprise cooperation and joint degree programs.
After the meeting, the delegation of ESTACA talked with representatives from the School of Transportation Science and Engineering. Agreement was reached on many issues between the two sides in the meeting.

Representatives of the two sides
Founded in 1925, ESTACA is the only engineering school in France offering high-level education in the fields of aeronautics, automobile, astronautics and railway industry. In 2018, ESTACA joined the Partnership of a European Group of Aeronautics and Space Universities (PEGASUS) network. ESTACA partnered with Beihang University to establish exchange programs in 2001. During the past 17 years, the two sides have enjoyed fruitful rewards through the cooperation in student exchange programs and summer programs.
 
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Photographed by Di Bailu
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:29
TITLE:Beihang Undergraduates Achieve Outstanding Results in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Undergraduate Graduation Design Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2698.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Undergraduates Achieve Outstanding Results in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Undergraduate Graduation Design Competition
                

                    Release time：June 22, 2020 / Ren Chenjie
                


The 14th Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Undergraduate Graduation Design Competition wrapped up on June 16. Among the 50 graduation design works submitted by Beihang, 21 were shortlisted for semi-final phrase. After defenses and appraisal, Wang Chendan (Tutor：Prof. Shi Zhenwei) and Li Yifei (Tutor: Prof. Wang Weizong), two undergraduates from the School of Astronautics, won the first and second prizes respectively, five students obtained the third prize and the other 14 students were awarded the excellence prize.

The competition, hosted by the School of Mechanical Engineering of Tianjin University, was conducted with expert review in the preliminary contest and online defense in the semi-final competition. Undergraduates from Peking University, Beihang University, Tianjin University and other 25 universities submitted nearly 260 entries, among which 60 works were selected into the semi-final round. After the display of graduation thesis, online defense and the experts’ comprehensive discussion from the evaluation commission, one special prize, one first prize, three second prizes, 16 third prizes and 38 excellence prizes were finally awarded to the winners.
To well prepare for the competition, Beihang collected and selected preeminent graduation design works through a multi-faceted approach like publicity and review. Besides, experienced teachers were also organized to conduct in-depth and detailed online pre-competition training for the participating students, so as to promote the overall level of graduation design works and facilitate students’ ability to improvise.


Reported by Shi Peng
Reviewed by Jin Rong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:30
TITLE:Beihang Wins Highest Honor in 2022 Challenge Cup Business Plan Competition for College Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3322.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins Highest Honor in 2022 Challenge Cup Business Plan Competition for College Students
                

                    Release time：July 6, 2022 / Wen Li
                


The 2022 Challenge Cup Business Plan Competition for College Students in Beijing have come to an end recently. Having nabbed 17 gold prizes, 14 silver prizes and 23 bronze prizes, among which 10 gold, 2 silver and 2 bronze prizes were got in the main competition, Beihang University brought home the highest honor “Challenge Cup”, ranking 1st in total score, number of gold prizes and number of finalists. Beihang have got the "Challenge Cup" for four consecutive years since 2019, achieving a quadruple crown at this competition.

Aims at fostering a deep understanding of "Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Creation" proposed by President Xi Jinping, this competiton shoulders the responsibility of educating people for the Party and the country and cultivating young talent for the quality development of innovation and entrepreneurship of the capital based on the construction of International Science and Technology Innovation Hub.  A total of 107 gold prizes, 197 silver prizes and 291 bronze prizes were awarded in the main competition.
After several rounds of contest, the 15 entries submitted by Beihang have won 10 gold prizes, 2 silver prizes and 2 bronze prizes in the final round held from May 14th to 16th.
In addition, Beihang students have bagged prizes in all special competitions. Among the 55 entries submitted by the university, 7 won gold prizes, 12 won silver prizes and 21 won bronze prizes.
Led by Beihang Youth League Committee and supported by all schools and departments, this year’s competition fully demonstrates Beihang's approach of cultivating talent, mobilizing the school's hardware and software resources to support students' scientific and technological innovation, and transforming the university's scientific research advantages into talent cultivation advantages.


Reported by Liu Yang
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:31
TITLE:Beihang Undergraduates Win Silver Award in 5th CCPC Final
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2248.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Undergraduates Win Silver Award in 5th CCPC Final
                

                    Release time：November 22, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


From Nov. 15th to 17th, the 5th China Collegiate Programming Contest (CCPC) Final was held in Beijing, in which a team from Beihang composed of 3 students from the School of Computer Science and Engineering won the silver award.

Up to Nov. 17th, all competitions of the 5th CCPC has finished. This year, the contest set three sub sites in Qinhuangdao, Harbin and Xiamen and one final in Beijing. In the four rounds of the contest, 7 teams from Beihang University won two gold awards, four silver awards and one bronze award. In the first round in Qinhuangdao on Sept. 22nd, the team composed of members from ACM Team — Zheng Yaoyan, Xiao Siyang and Ding Yuanjie, won the silver award. After that in the second round in Harbin on Oct. 13rd, Wang Jiayi, Zhao Lichen and Yang Kaiyuan’s team won the gold award, while Peng Maoxiaomin, Liao Jitong and Jiang Shenghu’s won the silver award. After that, in the third round in Xiamen on Oct. 20th, the team made up by Wu Junjie, Zhong Zihao and Deng Yixing, the team composed of Shen Zhonghai, Lin Yutong and Zhang Kaijie, and the team comprised of Zhao Wanru, Huang Yunyi and Chang Ronghe won the gold, silver and bronze awards respectively. And in the final contest on Nov. 17th, Wu Junjie, Zhong Zihao and Deng Yixing’s team won the silver award.
China Collegiate Programming Contest (CCPC), sponsored by the National Advisory Committee on Teaching Computer Science to Majors in Higher Education under the Ministry of Education, is an annual subject contest for college students in China. It aims to stimulate students' interests in learning professional knowledge and skills in the field of computer science, and encourage students to actively and flexibly use computer knowledge and skills to solve practical problems, and effectively improve college students’capabilities including algorithm design, logic reasoning, mathematical modeling, programming implementation and computer system. It is also designed to cultivate the awareness of team cooperation, the spirit of challenging and the ability for innovation.


Reported by Liu Ziyuan
Reviewed by Zhang Desheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:32
TITLE:3rd Beihang IEB Forum Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2509.htm
TEXT:
3rd Beihang IEB Forum Held
                

                    Release time：July 3, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Focusing on recent advances in econometric theory and applications, the 3rd Beihang IEB Forum was held at the Conference Center of New Main Building on June 19. From over 30 universities or institutes at home and abroad, scholars gathered at Beihang to exchange their latest findings and discuss the issues at the frontiers of econometrics.




Hosted by Prof. Fan Ying, Dean of the School of Economics and Management, the conference began with an address by Prof. Fang Jiancheng, Vice President of Beihang University, who introduced Beihang’s development strategy of building a world-class university rooted in China and stressed the importance of developing economics and business. He also thanked peers around the world for their support and help.
Following him, Prof. Liu Yuanchun, Vice President of Renmin University of China, delivered a speech that recognized the significance of the forum in the development of econometrics in China and praised Beihang’s relentless efforts in building up economic subjects on the basis of its advantages in science and engineering disciplines. Following him, Prof. Li Tong, Overseas Dean of the Institute of Economics and Business, expressed his gratitude for the support to the institute and invited the audience to visit Beihang often.  
Next, the keynote speech officially raised the curtain on the academic feast. Titled “Measuring the Effects of Social Programs: Panel Data versus Cross-Sectional Data”, the speech was delivered by Prof. Hsiao Zheng, Chair Professor of University of Southern California and Fellow of the Econometric Society. Prof. Hsiao specifically introduced the applications of panel data and cross-sectional data in studies of the disposition effect of policies as well as the similarities and differences between the two kinds of data. Using the example of how China’s high-speed railway lines facilitate the economic development of regions along them, he pointed out the differences in conclusions caused by different hypotheses behind the two data types. His speech illustrated the profound econometric theories and methods as well as their importance in a simple way.
In the Guest Speech section, a variety of brilliant speeches were given by more than 20 scholars from all over the world, including Prof. Cai Zongwu from the University of Kansas, Prof. Hong Han from Stanford University, Prof. Jean-Marie Dufour from McGill University, Prof. Aman Ullah from the University of California, Riverside, Prof. Gao Jiti from Monash University, Prof. Fang Ying from Xiamen University and so on.
Beihang IEB Forum is an international academic conference hosted by the Institute of Economics and Business and the School of Economics and Management of Beihang University. It is intended to provide a platform for economic and business scholars around the world to exchange with each other and to promote the development of Beihang’s economic and business subjects. The third forum reached a new high in terms of scale and academic level, representing a milestone in rendering the Institute of Economics and Business world-class.


  
Reported by Pu Ke
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:33
TITLE:Beihang Honored with Seven National Prizes in Science and Technology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2565.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Honored with Seven National Prizes in Science and Technology
                

                    Release time：January 9, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


At the National Science and Technology Awards Conference held on January 8, 2018, Beihang University received seven prizes of China’s three highest honors in science and technology.


Seven award winners
A project led by Prof. Xiang Jinwu won a first prize of the National Science and Technology Progress Award and another project led by Prof. Cai Maolin won a second prize of this award. A second prize of the State Natural Science Award went to a project led by Prof. Jiang Chengbao. Four second prizes of the State Technical Invention Award were won by four projects led by Prof. Tao Zhi, Prof. Jiao Zongxia, Prof. Yang Lijun and Prof. Liu Gang, respectively.
Beihang has received 12 first prizes of national science and technology awards since 2004, contributing to China’s social progress with its cutting-edge scientific and technological achievements. This accomplishment has been praised as the “Beihang model” for scientific and technological innovation by Chinese society.
Reported by Kong Xiangming
Edited by Shi Yue and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:34
TITLE:Huang Haijun Attends China-South Korea University Presidents Forum and Signs Cooperation Agreement with PNU
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2300.htm
TEXT:
Huang Haijun Attends China-South Korea University Presidents Forum and Signs Cooperation Agreement with PNU
                

                    Release time：July 10, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


Accompanied by relevant staff members from International Division, Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, was invited to attend the 11th China-South Korea University Presidents Forum held at Busan, South Korea from July 1 to July 2.
Other attendees of the forum included representatives from 27 South Korean universities, such as Pusan National University (PNU), Chung-Ang University and Hangyang University, 12 Chinese universities, the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Korea, the City Government of Busan, Embassy of the People's Republic of China in the Republic of Korea, totaling over 100 people.
During the forum, representatives from Chinese and South Korean universities had in-depth discussions over the topic of “the future of higher education in China and South Korea in the era of globalization”, covering issues like maintenance of university characteristics and cooperation between Chinese and South Korean universities to cope with challenges against the background of globalization. Vice President Huang introduced the educational features of Beihang University and spoke of topics like the training of engineersin a globalized environment, which led to extensive discussion among the representatives. Oh Keo-don, Mayor of Busan Metropolitan City, Kim Kyu-tae, Director of International Education Cooperation Division of the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Korea, and Li Hong, Educational Counsellor of Embassy of the People's Republic of China in the Republic of Korea, introduced and interpreted the situation and relevant policies of higher education in China and South Korea respectively.
Vice President Huang also had bilateral talks with President Chun Ho-hwan and Vice President Cho Gang-hee of PNU, reaching a consensus on issues related to further exchanges and cooperation between the two universities. On behalf of Beihang and PNU, they signed Beihang-PNU Memorandum of Cooperation and Beihang-PNU Student Exchange Agreement after the talks. According to these agreements, the two sides will cooperate with each other in the long term in terms of visits by students and teachers, research cooperation, etc. and exchange undergraduates on the basis of mutual recognition of credits and zero tuition fees.

Founded in 1946, Pusan National University is one of the best national universities in South Korea. It is located in Busan, the country’s second largest city, and it ranks among the top 200 universities in the fields of aerospace engineering, architecture, civil engineering, materials science, medicine and chemical engineering, according to QS World University Rankings 2019.
China-South Korea University Presidents Forum is a platform for first-classChinese and South Korean universities to communicate with each other. Up to now, it has been held eleven times.

Reported by Cao Qizheng
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:35
TITLE:Xiaoxiang-1-07 Launched Successfully
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2285.htm
TEXT:
Xiaoxiang-1-07 Launched Successfully
                

                    Release time：September 6, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


Partly designed by Beihang University, Xiaoxiang-1-07, a satellite for technological experiments, was sent into space successfully by a Kuaizhou-1A carrier rocket from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center at 7:41 a.m. on August 31.

The launch site
The developer and another designer of Xiaoxiang-1-07 is Spacety, a privately owned Chinese commercial space company. Its strategic cooperation with National Key Laboratory of CNS/ATM of Beihang University leads to the launch of Xiaoxiang-1-07, their first experimental satellite and platform used to validate the technology adopted in the satellite system for air affairs. This satellite has a designed life span of three years and adopts a software-dominated centralized processing architecture, fulfilling the goals of a high degree of integration, low electromagnetic radiation and a good cost-performance ratio.

Assembly tests of Xiaoxiang-1-07
The satellite system for air affairs is a satellite-based air communications, navigation and surveillance system proposed by Zhang Jun, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. Combining the latest advancements in aeronautics, astronautics and information technology, it aims at meeting the urgent need to develop the air transportation system, especially the air traffic management system. The satellite launched this time was co-designed by the team of Prof. Zhang Xuejun of National Key Laboratory of CNS/ATM and Spacety. In the future, the two sides will cooperate further to validate the key load technology of satellites for air affairs, laying foundations for the development of the satellite system.

Lab tests of Xiaoxiang-1-07
Spacety was founded in 2016 by Yang Feng, who graduated from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering of Beihang University. It is one of the first Chinese commercial space companies.
 
Reported by Li Xueyuan
Reviewed by Zhang Yaotian
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:36
TITLE:Fully Bioabsorbable Natural-Materials-Based Triboelectric Nanogenerators Successfully Developed
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2504.htm
TEXT:
Fully Bioabsorbable Natural-Materials-Based Triboelectric Nanogenerators Successfully Developed
                

                    Release time：July 11, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, a research titled “Fully Bioabsorbable Natural-Materials-Based Triboelectric Nanogenerators” was published in Advanced Materials by the team of Prof. Fan Yubo from Beihang University and the team of Academician Wang Zhonglin from Beijing Institute of Nanoenergy and Nanosystems of Chinese Academy of Sciences. They developed different types of fully bioabsorbable natural-materials-based triboelectric nanogenerators (BN-TENGs) from five natural biodegradable materials.


Fig. 1(a) Natural bioresorbable polymers (NBPs) originating from nature with wide raw material sources. (b) Structure diagram of a typical BN-TENG device. (c-d) Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and atomic force microscopy (AFM) images of nanostructure on the surface of NBP film. (e-j) Basic electric properties of BN-TENG.
Implantable medical devices for neurological and cardiovascular diseases must meet high requirements in size, stability and biocompatibility. Such devices at present are mainly powered by rechargeable or non-rechargeable batteries, which are subject to problems like internal heat, capacity loss, and battery failure. Once the service life of these batteries comes to an end, the patient has to receive a second surgery to remove them and face considerable mental and economic burdens.
An alternative solution is implantable triboelectric nanogenerator (iTENG). It attracts wide attention for its unique working mechanism (triboelectrification and electrostatic induction) and efficiency of energy conversion. iTENG can collect different forms of biomechanical energy, which may come from heartbeat, respiratory motion, limb movements and pulse pulsation, and convert them to electrical energy effectively. Many experiments have proven that the electrical energy can be applied to cardiac pacemaker, health monitoring as well as cell and tissue engineering.
In the recent research, the scientists tested different pairs among five natural materials (cellulose, chitin, silk fibroin, rice paper and egg white) and ranked the five according to their “triboelectric series”. Their work provided the research basis and data for materials selection and device design of BN-TENGs and other energy harvesters. Also, the BN-TENGs as a voltage source can be applied in the process of adjusting the beating rates of dysfunctional cardiomyocyte clusters, offering a new therapy for diseases like bradycardia and arrhythmia.
When the BN-TENGs implanted in Sprague–Dawley (SD) rats completed their mission, they can be fully degraded and resorbed in the rats. The BN-TENGs developed by the researchers have good biocompatibility, controllability and bioabsorbability. Besides, they feature high efficiency in terms of energy conversion from biomechanical energy to electrical energy, and can function normally and achieve controllable degradation by different ways of encapsulation in vivo and in vitro. There is great potential in them to power implantable medical electronic devices.
 
Reported by Hou Dandan
Edited by Song Chao and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:37
TITLE:Research Findings of School of Mathematical Sciences Published in Advances in Mathematics
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2155.htm
TEXT:
Research Findings of School of Mathematical Sciences Published in Advances in Mathematics
                

                    Release time：September 29, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On September 24, an article entitled “Hessian estimates for equations involving p-Laplacian via a fundamental inequality” by Fa Peng, a Ph.D student from the School of Mathematical Sciences, his supervisor Prof. Yuan Zhou and two other collaborators was published in Advances in Mathematics. The article illustrated researchers’ latest breakthrough in the field of nonlinear degradation equation.

In the article, the researchers revealed a basic inequality in high dimension which will apply the equation established by Koch and others on the plane in high dimension space, and for the first time applied to $p$- harmonic operator, fully answering the public question put forward by Lindqvist and others. In addition, due to the high universality of the inequality for operator equations containing $p$-Laplace, some problems (such as $p$-harmonic equation, $p$-Laplace equation with singular term, parabolic $p$-Laplace equation, non-homogeneous $P $-Laplace type equation) can be solved directly by using this inequality. By using the approximation viewpoint, the structure of the equation and the inequality to calculate and solve the equation, researchers can obtain unprecedented results.
Prof. Hongjie Dong from Brown University and Prof. Yi Ru-Ya Zhang from Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich also participated in the research work.

More information is available at:
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0001870820302383



Reported by Li Tiantian
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:38
TITLE:First Female Civil Aviation Pilot to Graduate from Beihang with Flying Colors
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2307.htm
TEXT:
First Female Civil Aviation Pilot to Graduate from Beihang with Flying Colors
                

                    Release time：June 28, 2019 / People's Daily Online
                


(People's Daily Online) June 27, 2019:

Wang Fan in flight training (Photo/Official WeChat account of Beihang University)
The first female civil aviation pilot is expected to graduate from Beihang University soon. Wang Fan, who is among the first batch of female students ever enrolled in Beihang's flight program, has completed her studies ahead of time.
Growing up with a dream of flying, Wang Fan became one of the first female pilots of Beihang in 2016. In just three years, she has finished the course, which lasts almost four years, with honors. She is now working on her graduation project and is expected to graduate this year.
Wang Fan in flight training (Photo/Official WeChat account of Beihang University)
"I don't think female pilots are a special group. I see myself as a pilot, regardless of gender. You choose a career, and you take it seriously," Wang said. 
Founded in 1993, the Flying College of Beihang University began recruiting female pilots in 2016. So far, a total of 33 female students have been admitted to the program, which includes 1.5-2 years of theory in China and 1-1.5 years of flight training abroad.
 Wang Fan (left) poses for a photo (Photo/Official WeChat account of Beihang University)

Wang Fan (Photo/Official WeChat account of Beihang University)

Wang Fan (1st from right) poses for a photo with her classmates (Photo/Official WeChat account of Beihang University)

Edited by Jia Aiping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:39
TITLE:Psychological Center of Positive Experience Inaugurated at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2368.htm
TEXT:
Psychological Center of Positive Experience Inaugurated at Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 25, 2019 / Li Siying
                


March 19, 2019 witnessed the opening of the Psychological Center of Positive Experience (Shahe Campus) and the first experience day of Virtual Reality (VR) Psychology Laboratory of Beihang University, which were attended by Party Secretary of Beihang University Cao Shumin, President Assistant Zhao Gang and some students.

Party Secretary Cao Shumin learning about sandplay therapy
The new site of the Psychological Center of Positive Experience, which covers an area of 480 square meters with 14 experience spaces of different styles on the 4th and 5th floors of the gymnasium on Shahe Campus, completed construction in December last year. After a test run since the beginning of this term, it was officially declared open to service.
The Psychological Center of Positive Experience is to be of great use to popularize common practices of psychological counseling and guidance on campus, including “Movie&Talk”, sandplay therapy, and so on.

Sandplay therapy
For “Movie&Talk”, students are invited to watch psychological dramas together and discuss about them under the guidance of professionals, during which they dive deep into their own inner world and communicate with themselves.

“Movie&Talk”
Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Workshop is led by Ms Wei Lin. Her class is always quiet and calm, facilitating the students’ meditation that shines light on the uniqueness and richness of their life.

MBSR Workshop
In the Mental Guide Room of Art, Ms Sun Jinlu explores the magic of music therapy together with the students by assisting them to follow their flow of psychological changes with simple musical instruments.

Mental Guide Room of Art
As for the VR Psychology Laboratory, it provides students with the immersive psychological experiences of diverse scenes, such as delivering a fantastic speech under great pressure, being on a roller coaster, going on a leisurely trip, and so on. Their pulse data will be recorded dynamically during the process, and the good quality they gain from the virtual experiences is to be mirrored in their real life with time going by.

VR Psychology Laboratory
There are also reading seminars on psychology classics, which serves as an opportunity for students to exchange their views on such books as “What Life Should Mean to You”, deepening their understandings of the subject of psychology.

Reading psychology classics
The university’s Psychological Center of Positive Experience has been recognized as “the best mode of psychological health education” by numerous mainstream media in China. The new site of the Psychological Center of Positive Experience of Beihang University is inaugurated in its 30th year, marking the start of the university’s new journey of psychological health education and talent cultivation.

Reported by Wang Bo, Li Weihua
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Dong Zhuoning
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:40
TITLE:Director of NSC Gives a Lecture at Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2550.htm
TEXT:
Director of NSC Gives a Lecture at Beihang University
                

                    Release time：March 19, 2018 / He Siying
                


On the evening of March 15, a lecture given by Prof. Anu Ojha, Director of National Space Centre (NSC), was successfully held at Yongman Theater under the organization of the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering. The lecture was entitled “Space, So what?” and focused on space science.   
On the stage, Prof. Ojha, who was humorous, opened the door of space travel for everyone and slowly revealed the story: "Since the Soviet Union sent astronaut Gagarin into space, mankind began to explore space step by step."
In the speech, Prof. Ojha greatly praised Armstrong, the American astronaut who left the human footprint on the moon for the first time, for his incredible achievement. "The manned moon landing is a very tough space mission. To this day, only 24 people have gone to the distant moon, and everyone else is at most flying near the surface," said Prof. Ojha. Then he vividly revealed the difficulty of moon landing by giving an example—with a thin line on the globe held by him, and the other end of the thin line in the hands of an audience who pulled it farther and farther until to the backstage. Prof. Ojha pointed to the thin line across the stage and said, "This is the real Earth-Moon distance ratio."
Then Prof. Ojha introduced the work situation of astronauts to the audience. "Modern citizens always dream of being astronauts and are curious about what their home looks like in space," said Prof. Ojha. He showed a photo of an astronaut at the International Space Station. At the space station, astronauts from different countries assisted each other and stayed positive toward everyday research work. Prof. Ojha said that he was pleased to see different nations working together in the space industry. With China’s space industry vigorously developing, he believed that in the future, the European Space Agency (ESA) and China will launch more in-depth cooperation.
Later, Prof. Ojha performed a magic show for everyone – create comet at the scene! He put on gloves, added dry ice, red wine, and soy sauce in a container and stirred the mixture like a pharmacist. A few minutes later, these materials were finally made into a "big circle cake"—the theoretical model of comet materials. Prof. Ojha told everyone that just like making a comet today, we must work harder to move into space so that we can discover more and more miraculous mysteries.   
At the end of the speech, Prof. Ojha had a question-and-answer interaction with the audience. Prof. Xu Lijun, Dean of the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering, presented a certificate and a gift to Prof. Ojha.     
At the end of the lecture, Prof. Ojha and his colleagues also introduced the summer courses of space science and technology of the National Space Academy in 2018. Under the framework of international cooperation in technology, Beihang University and the University of Leicester will hold their first summer school and select 20 undergraduates to study in the UK for 2 weeks. With enriched contents and elaborate arrangements, the summer school greatly aroused the students’ interests.
Prof. Anu Ojha is the director of the UK’s National Space Academy programme and the director of NSC. Regarded as the most passionate space scientist, he once worked as Principal Investigator for the Astro Academy Principia educational experiment programme carried out by British astronaut Tim Peake at the International Space Station (ISS).
 
Released by Li Peng
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by He Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:41
TITLE:Prof. Zhang Guofeng’s Research Published in Physical Review Letters
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2416.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Zhang Guofeng’s Research Published in Physical Review Letters
                

                    Release time：December 6, 2018 / Li Siying
                


Physical Review Letters has recently published a research article on the universal dissipationless dynamics of Gaussian continuous-variable (CV) systems in the presence of a band-gapped bosonic environment (see Fig.1).
The research was jointly conducted by doctoral student Zhu Hanjie under the guidance of Professor Zhang Guofeng from School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering of Beihang University, researcher Liu Wuming from Institute of Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Professor Zhuang Lin from School of Physics of Sun Yat-Sen University. Zhu Hanjie and Zhang Guofeng are the joint first authors, with Zhang being the corresponding author.
According to the paper, bound states in CV systems, different from that in finite-dimensional systems, are characterized by localized modes with frequencies embedded in environmental spectral gaps. Environmental band gaps can induce localized modes (see Fig.2), which give rise to the dissipationless dynamics where the system behaves as free oscillators instead of experiencing a full decay in the long-time limit (see Fig. 3).
The complete characterization of localized modes presented shows the existence of the critical system-environment coupling. Beyond the critical values, localized modes can be produced, and the system dynamics become dissipationless.
The novel dynamics can be utilized to overcome the environmental noises and protect the quantum resources in the continuous-variable quantum information. It also provides a clue to understand the non-Markovianity in more general many-body open quantum systems.
Gaussian systems, which constitute a large class of CV systems and play a central role, serve as primary tools in CV quantum information. The dissipation and decoherence processes induced by surroundings are the central topic of study in the theory of open quantum systems. These unavoidable processes almost always lead to the irreversible loss of quantum coherence and quantum correlations, which are the crucial resources for quantum technologies.
This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC), the National Key R&D Program of China, the Strategic Priority Research Program of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and so on.


Fig.1 Illustration of the general Gaussian system of open oscillators


Fig.2 (a) band-gapped structure of the environment spectrum; (b) distribution of localized state in the system 


Fig. 3 Dissipationless dynamics in the system (the average values of the coordinates varying with time)
The article is available at:
https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.121.220403
  
Reported by Cai Hongyan
Reviewed by Wang Wenwen
Edited by Jia Aiping and Li Siying
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:42
TITLE:Dr. Hao Liu Elected Vice-Chair of JARUS
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2572.htm
TEXT:
Dr. Hao Liu Elected Vice-Chair of JARUS
                

                    Release time：October 23, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


On the second Joint Authorities for Rulemaking of Unmanned Systems (JARUS) Plenary Meeting in 2017 from October 2nd to 6th, Dr. Hao Liu was elected as one of the two Vice-Chairs of JARUS.
Dr. Liu is the Director of Institute of Aviation Law and Standard, Beihang University and the Deputy Director of National Research Center of Air Traffic Management Law and Standard. He was also elected as the Chair of International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Asia/Pacific Unmanned Aircraft System Advisory Group (UAS-AG) in April.
Currently, the Chair of JARUS is an expert from European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), and the other Vice-Chair is a Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) expert.
In recent years, the Institute of Aviation Law and Standard and National Research Center of Air Traffic Management Law and Standard have been engaging in the rulemaking of unmanned aircraft system both domestically and internationally. Beihang teachers are not only active members in JARUS and ICAO but also important participants in the relevant work of Chinese ministries and commissions as well as Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
Founded in 2007, JARUS is an international group of aviation officials and designated experts of many countries, with the purpose “to recommend a single set of technical, safety and operational requirements for all aspects linked to the safe operation of the Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems (RPAS)”.
After ICAO, JARUS is the second most active organization in the rulemaking of unmanned aircraft systems. It has assisted 52 countries in developing their laws, regulations and standards in this field, and supports the Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems Panel (RPASP) and UAS-AG of ICAO with its expertise and advice.   
 
 
 
Reported by Zhenyuzi Ma
Edited by Xiangming Kong
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:43
TITLE:Beihang Students Win First Prize in 17th NACTranS 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3366.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win First Prize in 17th NACTranS
                

                    Release time：September 12, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


Recently, Wang Likun and Zhang Hongtao from the School of Transportation Science and Engineering of Beihang University, supervised by Zhang Zhao and Yu Haiyang, won the first prize with their work “Reinforcement Learning Model for Signal Control of Urban Road Network in Multi-agent Cooperation Environment” in the 17th National Competition of Transport Science and Technology for Undergraduate Students (NACTranS), which was held online in Shanghai Maritime University.

The NACTranS is a science and technology competition for national undergraduate students with the largest number of participating students and institutions of higher education and the greatest social influence in the field of transportation in China. With the theme of “Digital Intelligent and Low-carbon Transportation”, this year’s competition focuses on the implementation of the important national goal of “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” and the strategic demand of building a “strong transportation country”. Students are encouraged to carry out innovative design, innovative thinking and innovative research from the perspective of digitalization and intelligence, in order to solve problems in the field of transportation in China and create a green, energy-saving, low-carbon, and environmentally friendly modern transportation system.
In this year’s competition, among the 1,473 entries from 177 universities, 206 entries from 93 universities entered the finals. In total, more than 200 excellent entries were awarded in the competition, including 37 first-prize, 74 second-prize, 101 third-prize and 46 winning-prize works.


Reported by Jiang Zhongwang
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:44
TITLE:Prof. Zhao Lidong’s Research Group Makes New Breakthrough on Thermoelectric Materials
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2273.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Zhao Lidong’s Research Group Makes New Breakthrough on Thermoelectric Materials
                

                    Release time：September 30, 2019 / 
                


On September 27, Professor Zhao Lidong’s group in the School of Materials Science and Engineering, Beihang University, published an article entitled “High thermoelectric performance in low-cost SnS0.91Se0.09 crystals” in Science. The research reports the temperature-dependent interplay of several separate electronic bands in hole-doped tin sulfide (SnS) crystals and boosts the synergistic optimization between effective mass (m*) and carrier mobility (μ) by introducing selenium (Se), which enhances the thermoelectric performance of SnS crystals featuring low-cost, Earth-abundan, and environmentally friendly (Science 365 (2019) 1418-1424).


The first author: He Wenke (a PhD student enrolled in 2018)
Supervisor and corresponding author: Zhao Lidong
The first Institute: The School of Materials Science and Engineering, Beihang University
Thermoelectric technology takes advantage of Seebeck Effect (an electromotive force by a temperature gradient) and Peltier Effect (the presence of heating or cooling at an electrified junction of two different conductors) to boost the conversion between thermal energy and electricity. It is a competitive technology, for its system are small in size, free from mechanical wear with no moving parts, noiseless and non-polluting. It provides an environmentally friendly route for power generation through harvesting waste heat, as well as for refrigeration by solid-state coolingand is geared specifically for deep-space exploration.
As an important parameter to measure the properties of thermoelectric materials, the thermoelectric conversion efficiency is determined by the dimensionless figure of merit (ZT) for a given thermoelectric material, expressed by ZT= S2σT/(κlat+κele), where S is the Seebeck coefficient, σ is the electrical conductivity, T is the temperature (in kelvin), and κlat and κele are the phonon and carrier contributions to the thermal conductivity, respectively.
Thus, a high-performance thermoelectric material should have high thermoelectromotive force (to keep high thermoelectric voltage), high electrical conductivity (to reduce Joule losses) and low thermal conductivity (to maintain a steep temperature gradient).
However, these thermoelectric parameters are intertwined, making manipulation of any single parameter targeted to improving the overall thermoelectric performance a challenge. Several strategies have emerged for improving ZTs in recent years. For example, reducing thermal conductivity by introducing nanostructures or all-scale hierarchical architectures, optimizing power factors (PF = S2σ) through band convergence, band flattening, or density of states (DOS) distortion, decoupling thermoelectric parametersthrough embedding magnetic nanoparticles, developing new materials with intrinsically low thermal conductivity or seeking high-performance thermoelectrics through reliable high-throughput material screening.
In 2014, SnSe was discovered to be a type of thermoelectrics with strong anharmonicity (Nature 508 (2014) 373-377). And then, features like multiple valence bands (Science 351 (2016) 141-144) and three-dimensional (3D) charge and 2D phonon transport (Science 360 (2018) 778-783) were found in SnSe.
In the meanwhile, Prof. Zhao’s group has worked towards developing low-cost, environmental friendly and Earth-abundant thermoelectrics. Compared with other IV–VI thermoelectric materials (such as PbTe, PbSe, PbS, SnTe, SnSe, with the abundance of Te in the Earth being 0.001 parts per million (ppm), Se 0.05ppm and S 420ppm), SnS is far superior when considering toxicity and elemental abundance. However, the enhancement of the electrical conductivity and thermoelectric force of SnS remains to be a challenging task.
Featuring high electronegativity and wide band gap, sulfides are not commonly regarded as good conductors of electricity. After two years’ research, the group finds a novel approach to synthesize the polycrystalline SnS (J. Mater. Chem. A, 2 (2014) 17302-17306) whose carrier mobility is 10-15 times higher than normal polycrystalline by regulating anisotropic crystal growth (J. Mater. Chem. A, 6 (2018) 10048-10056), which successfully improves the electrical conductivity of SnS.
Thermoelectric materials demand not only good electrical conductivity, but also asteep temperature gradient. However, it is controversial as the two factors are conditioned by carrier concentration in an anti-correlated way. Therefore, a main task of the research is to optimize a dimensionless quality factor (β) for a given thermoelectric material, characterized by β ∝ (m*)3/2μ, where m* and μ are the effective mass and carrier mobility (they are also anti-correlated), respectively.
In their experiment, first, atomic positions under different temperatures are derived from variable-temperature synchrotron radiation x-ray diffraction data. On the basis of density function theory (DFT) calculated band structure, it is investigated that there is a temperature-dependent evolution and interplay of multiple valence bands in SnS, involving two-band convergence, two-band crossing and two-band divergence. The study also found that the interplay of multiple valence bands can be promoted by introducing Se in SnS (See Fig. 1).

Fig. 1 Through the manipulation of the electronic band structure (Se alloying) , valence bands are sharpened and electrical transport properties are improved with more valence bands involved in electrical transport
Besides, it is found that the introduction of Se can also sharpen the multiple valence bands (which reduces effective mass and increases carrier mobility) and activate more bands (the fourth valence band) to be involved in the electrical transport (which maintains a large effective mass).
The Se alloying, which enhances carrier mobility and contributes to a large effective mass and therefore results in an optimized quality factor β, allows SnS crystal to exhibit high electrical conductivity over the entire working temperature range, even higher than that of the SnSe crystal with multiple valence bands in it (Science 351 (2016) 141-144). Moreover, the maximum figure of merit ZT has increased from ~1.0 to ~1.6 and the average ZT of the entire working temperature has reached ~1.25 after introducing Se.
Compare with other IV-VI compound, SnS is more superior as it is environmental-friendly, highly-efficient, cost effective and can be commercially applied inthermoelectrics in the future.
The work is a joint effort of 27 collaborators from 11 institutes including the research group led by Prof. Li Jingfeng from Tsinghua University, Prof. He Jiaqing’s group from Southern University of Science and Technology, Prof. Stephen J. Pennycook’s group from National University of Singapore, Prof. Michihiro Ohta’s group from the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (Sangyō Gijutsu Sōgō Kenkyū-sho), Hao Lijie and Niu Changlei from China Institute of Atomic Energy, Song Jianming from China Academy Of Engineering Physics, Xu Wei from the Institute of High Energy Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Prof. Wang Guangtao from Henan Normal University.
Various advanced tests and measuring methods are involved in the research, such as synchrotron radiation x-ray diffraction (SR-XRD), density function theory (DFT) calculations, angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy (ARPES), x-ray absorption fine structure spectroscopy (XAFS), inelastic neutron scattering (INS) experiment, scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM), stability test on thermoelectric properties after neutron radiation and thermoelectric conversion efficiency test.
The project is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (51788104), National Key R&D Program of China (2018YFA0702100, 2018YFB0703600), National Natural Science Foundation of China (51772012, 51632005, 51571007), Beijing Natural Science Foundation (JQ18004) and Program of Introducing Talents of Discipline to Universities, or 111 Plan (B17002), etc.
The article is available at: 
https://science.sciencemag.org/content/365/6460/1418
The link to the website of Prof Zhao’s research group:
http://shi.buaa.edu.cn/zhaolidong/zh_CN/index.htm


Edited by Jia Aiping and Xiong Ting
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:45
TITLE:Beihang Robitics Team Wins Two First Prizes at 2020 ROBOCON
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2144.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Robitics Team Wins Two First Prizes at 2020 ROBOCON
                

                    Release time：November 3, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


The 19th China University Robot Competition (ROBOCON) took place online from Oct. 24 to 25. Beihang Robitics Team stood out from the 75 candidates and won two first prizes in two categories of the competition, which was organized by the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League of China and All-China Students' Federation.

A group photo of Beihang's robot team
Initiated in 2002, the competition has become an annual event since then. Up to now, it has been held for 19 consecutive years. A different topic will be picked for each year's competition. For example, the 2020 ROBOCON explores the theme of "football matches on green fields", and each team has to stage a seven-people American football match performance with two robots being players and five posts being defenders.

Beihang’s robot team members are preparing for the competition
As soon as this year's competition kicked off in August, 47 students from different schools of Beihang University teamed up to get prepared for the competition under the guidance of Professor Liu Rong at the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation. The team members had countless brainstorming sessions online during the epidemic-fighting time and created a preliminary model for their robots. When they returned to the campus in September, they began debugging and optimizing the system and carried out a series of simulated training for the robots. Fortunately, their robots performed well at this year’s competition and won the first prize at both the "American football"-and "equestrian" -themed categories of the competition.


Beihang Robitics Team  began to recruit talented students who are interested in developing innovative robot systems and participating in all kinds of robot competitions since its establishment in 2002. Up to now, the team has made fruitful results in numerous competitions and events.


Reported by Zhang Chengyang
Reviewed by Zhang Zhigang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:46
TITLE:Beihang Holds Meeting on Epidemic Control
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2212.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Meeting on Epidemic Control
                

                    Release time：February 8, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On the afternoon of February 5, the university leading group held a meeting to re-implement a range of measures to prevent and control the outbreak of the new coronavirus. Among the attendees were Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin, He Xinzhou, Tao Zhi, Huang Haijun, Wang Yunpeng, Zhang Guang, Zhao Gang and other leading group members. The meeting was chaired by He Xinzhou.

At the beginning of the meeting, Cao Shumin conveyed the spirit of President Xi Jinping’s remark at the meeting of the CPC Central Committee. She pointed out that the CPC Central Committee paid great attention to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. While regarding people’s safety and health as the top priority, the central government called for greater awareness and more effective coordination between governments at all levels. Under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, Chinese people will have enough courage and determination to win this fierce battle in a scientific and orderly manner. Zhao Gang then illustrated the latest statements issued by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of People’s Republic of China, the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China and the People’s Government of Beijing Municipality. The latest statements mainly focused on delaying students’ return to school, caring about students who spent the Winter Holiday at school and enhancing public awareness of prevention and control and so on.
During the meeting, Zhang Guang, on behalf of the leading group, expounded on the implementation of the epidemic control and prevention work. He highlighted some of efforts, including the requirement for the coordinated management between entrances to the school and its buildings, application of the information-filling platform designed for all students, etc. In addition, new measures will be carried out in the next phrase so as to resolutely curb the spread of the virus.
To minimize the impact of the virus, Huang Haijun introduced the adjustment to the teaching schedule for Spring Semester in 2020 and the decision to postpone the return to the university. Delaying the return to school does not mean no classes and coordinated efforts must be made to ensure the normal completion of education work. Relevant adjustment measures for scientific research were described by Tao Zhi. With the principle of “staying at home as much as possible”, Beihang will fully leverage its information technology and the Internet platform to carry out literature research, theoretical analysis, scientific computation / simulation and other work.
Xu Huibin stressed further efforts to strengthen risk awareness and stricter measures to prevent and control the spread of the virus. While the normal operation of online teaching is ensured, preparations for the future return to school should also be made in advance.
At the end of this meeting, Cao Shumin expressed her gratitude to all people fighting the battle on the front-line and concluded that Beihang University will take comprehensive precautionary measures to safeguard the life and health of all students and faculty at this critical moment in combating the novel coronavirus. He Xinzhou urged that representatives of all departments fulfill their duty and pointed out that severer punishment will be taken for any dereliction of duty and malpractice.
Besides, other items were also discussed during the meeting.


Reported by Yu Min
Photographed by Wang Qing
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:47
TITLE:United Innovation Center for Aeroengine Acoustics Founded
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2292.htm
TEXT:
United Innovation Center for Aeroengine Acoustics Founded
                

                    Release time：August 7, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


In order to better face the challenges and solve the problems in Aeroengine Acoustics and to explore the new mode of collaboration between universities and enterprises, United Innovation Center for Aeroengine Acoustics (UICAA) was founded and its opening ceremony was held on July 27 at Beihang University. It was initiated by Aero Engine Corporation of China (AECC) Commercial Aircraft Engine Co., Ltd, Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) Engine Design Institute, Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) Shenyang Engine Design Institute and Beihang University.

Li Hongxin, Vice General Manager of AECC, first recognized the contributions made by the four initiators and then expressed hope for the cooperation mode and future development of UICAA. He pointed out that AECC always cooperated closely with Beihang to satisfy China’s major strategic needs. The multilateral cooperation mode of UICAA is the first attempt within AECC, which was expected to realize the resource sharing and system co-construction among different units to facilitate more original results and to achieve the goal of cooperation of industry, university and institute from principle verification, component verification to the whole machine verification. He also noted that UICAA should maintain a high degree of openness and gradually unite the powerful institutions in this field.

Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, thanked AECC for its support to Beihang University. He said that under the background of dramatic development of aeroengine, to solve the problems in major projects needed help from all walks of life. The establishment of UICAA not only symbolizes the multilateral opening up of Beihang University, but also reflects the important strategic needs to combine science and industry to serve the nation. It is a vital exploration to transform the scientific research achievements into practical applications. Beihang will provide more support for UICAA to integrate advantages, share resources, and promote in-depth cooperation with AECC.
After the ceremony, Prof. Sun Xiaofeng chaired the first UICAA Council. The members had a full discussion on the constitution of UICAA and its follow-up development plan, which laid a foundation for building an open, sharing and inclusive platform for collaborative development.
 
 
Reported by Sun Dakun
Photographed by Dong Xu and Qiu Xianghai
Reviewed by Yan Xiaojun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:48
TITLE:Lunar Palace 365 Experiment Sets Record of 200 Days and Volunteers Change Shifts Again
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2560.htm
TEXT:
Lunar Palace 365 Experiment Sets Record of 200 Days and Volunteers Change Shifts Again
                

                    Release time：January 30, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


The second shift change ceremony of Lunar Palace 365 Experiment was held on the morning of January 26th. Till then, the four volunteers of the second group had stayed at Lunar Palace 1 for 200 consecutive days, breaking the world record of 180 days’ stay in a bioregenerative life support system set by Russia. Lunar Palace 1 also reached the highest international level in terms of system closure and run time.


Chu Zhengpei, Yi Zhihao, Wang Wei and Liu Guanghui (from left to right), volunteers of the second group, in the cabin (Photo by Wang Yuchen)
Prof. Liu Hong, Chief Designer and Chief Scientist of Lunar Palace 1, reported the progress of the experiment at the ceremony. According to her, the lab ran steadily and its equipment operated normally in the past 260 days. All kinds of crops and vegetables grew well, and the physiological indices of the volunteers were accurately recorded. Prof. Liu also encouraged the whole team to strive for the success of the Lunar Palace 365 Experiment.
Tian Yulong, Chief Engineer of State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defence and Secretary General of China National Space Administration, and Fang Jiancheng, Vice President of Beihang University, also addressed the ceremony with praise and expectations. Together with other participants, they witnessed the work handover between the second group and the first group and expressed their best wishes.


Ms. Liu, Mr. Fang and Mr. Tian (from left to right) spoke at the ceremony (Photo by Wang Yuchen)
Liu Hui, Liu Dianlei, Hu Jingfei and Gao Han, volunteers of the first group who had worked for the first 60 days in the lab, will complete the third stage of the experiment. Beside daily tasks, their mission also includes the study of various sudden failures to further test the impact resistance of Lunar Palace 1 during the remaining 105-day stage.
Prof. Liu also disclosed that after Lunar Palace 365 Experiment, her team would actively seek a ride and resources on China’s lunar or Mars probe to conduct small-scale bioregenerative life support system experiments on the surface of the moon or Mars. Comparing such experiments with parallel experiments on Earth, they expect to obtain the parameters to correct the results of large ground system simulation, laying the foundation for applying the design and operation parameters of large ground manned bioregenerative life support system research to the moon or Mars.


The brief reunion of the eight volunteers after the first group entered the cabin (Photo by Shi Yue)
Adopted in Lunar Palace 1, the bioregenerative life support system is the key technology to ensure long-term survival of human beings on the moon or Mars. Before it can be applied to space exploration, ground experiments for demonstration and verification are necessary, and the technology to run, adjust and control the system steadily also needs to be developed through the experiments.
Established by Prof. Liu’s team in October 2013, Lunar Palace 1 refers to Integrative Experimental Facility for Permanent Astrobase Life-support Artificial Closed Ecosystem (PALACE) Research. In 2014, China’s first long-term and high-closure integrated experiment, which lasted for 105 days, was carried out successfully in it. The experiment marked that China became the third country in the world to master the system and signified the establishment of world’s first closed artificial human-animal-plant-microorganism ecosystem.
Beginning on May 10th, 2017 and ending on May 10th, 2018, Lunar Palace 365 Experiment will be the longest bioregenerative life support system experiment with highest degree of closure. Its main task is to study how a biological system can provide life support for members with different metabolic levels and also run steadily.
The experiment draws attention from all over the world. Nature, a top scientific journal, selected a photo of Lunar Palace 1 as one of its best science images of 2017.


Over 20 media outlets, such as Xinhua News Agency, People’s Daily, Guangming Daily, CCTV, China Daily and so on, reported from the scene (Photo by Shi Yue)
Reported by Yu Min, Shi Yue, Wang Yuchen, Li Jichen and Yao Zhikai
Edited by Shi Yue and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:49
TITLE:Beihang Teams Win Two First Prizes in Beijing Undergraduate Engineering Training Integration Ability Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2409.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teams Win Two First Prizes in Beijing Undergraduate Engineering Training Integration Ability Competition
                

                    Release time：December 17, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


The 2018 Beijing Undergraduate Engineering Training Integration Ability Competition & the 6th National Undergraduate Engineering Training Integration Ability Competition－Beijing Regional Final was held at Beijing University of Civil Engineering and Architecture on December 8th and 9th. Six teams organized and instructed by Beihang Engineering Training Center won two first prizes, three second prizes and one third prize in the competition. Besides, a Beihang team ranked first in the “figure 8 racing” group, earning the ticket to the national contest. In the engineering knowledge contest, a Beihang team won the second prize.

The event was co-organized by Beijing Municipal Commission of Education, Tsinghua University and Beijing University of Civil Engineering and Architecture. 88 teams from 17 universities (over 370 participants) took part in the competition.
The competition deals with the obstacle avoidance of carbon free vehicles. There are three types of racing: figure 8 racing, S-curve racing and electric vehicle racing. Before entering the semifinals and finals, competitors have to design and manufacture the carbon-free vehicles in advance and submit a manual of how the vehicles are produced. The competition evaluates students’ innovative thinking, engineering knowledge and practical skills from multiple aspects.


Beihang Engineering Training Center combines the course “Cultivation of Innovation Ability” with the competition, and a special steering committee is appointed to provide guidance for the teams participating in the competition. six teams stood out from the crowd in the intra-university contest and entered the competition on behalf of Beihang this year. They are instructed by ten advisers throughout the competition.
 
Reported by Hao Jifeng
Reviewed by Han Yongpeng
Edited by Jia Aiping and Xiong Ting
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:50
TITLE:Beihang Holds Homecoming Day to Celebrate Its 68th Anniversary
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2147.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Homecoming Day to Celebrate Its 68th Anniversary
                

                    Release time：October 27, 2020 / 
                


A meeting for the 2020 Homecoming Day of Beihang was held on the morning of October 24. Attended by about 400 alumni and live-streamed online, the meeting brought faculty, students, staff, alumni at home and abroad as well as people from all walks of life who care about Beihang’s development together to celebrate Beihang’s 68th birthday and look ahead into its future.



The meeting

Attendees stood up and sang the national anthem together at the beginning of the meeting
“Welcome home!” said Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University. She warmly welcomed the alumni and extended her sincere greetings to them. According to her, the homecoming this year featured the most participants and the longest duration in Beihang’s history.

Secretary Cao delivered a speech
October 25th is both the anniversary of the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea and the birthday of Beihang University, which reflects that Beihang is born for and grows with China. Beihang values patriotism, devotion and pioneering spirit, and generations of Beihangers have been serving their motherland by contributing to the development of China’s aerospace industry. Reviewing this connection, Secretary Cao summarized the features of Beihangers as love for both their family and their country, integrity, sincerity, innovation, responsibility and being a doer with achievements.
Secretary Cao introduced to the alumni the accomplishments and measures of Beihang in aspects of discipline development, talent training, faculty team, research innovation, management and service, etc. She observed that Beihang and its alumni have been supporting each other and stressed that by working together, Beihangers will definitely make greater contributions in the future.
Another speech was delivered by Shen Jianjun, representative of alumni graduating from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering 40 years ago and former director of the Science and Technology Commission of the Beijing Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC). “Beihang will definitely have greater achievements and a boundlessly wonderful future. I wish Beihang a better tomorrow!” said Mr. Shen, who praised Beihang’s excellent traditions and spirit and was very proud of the rapid development of Beihang.

Mr. Shen gave a speech
Zhang Di, representative of alumni graduating from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation 30 years ago and President of Rocket Technology Co., Ltd of China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation, thanked his teachers and recollected his college years in his speech. On behalf of the alumni, he showed the determination to make unremitting efforts to realize the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation and wished Beihang a brighter future.

Mr. Zhang addressed the audience
Academician Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University and Beihang General Alumni Association, presented the letters of appointment to 12 representatives of Beihang alumni working as enterprise mentors, inviting entrepreneurs to cooperate with the university in talent training.


President Xu presented the letters of appointment to 12 representatives
At the meeting, Beihang Student Chinese Traditional Orchestra performed a piece of folk music, and Beihang Alumni Chorus as well as some alumni representatives performed a creative dance, a chorus, a cheongsam show and a poetry reading, extending their best wishes to Beihang University.





Performances at the meeting

Attendees sang My Motherland together at the end of the meeting



Other activities on October 24 included a birthday carnival on both Shahe Campus and Xueyuan Road Campus, an online exhibition titled “Today’s Beihang”, a lunch for alumni to recall the past and a live-streaming shopping event for poverty alleviation in Zhongyang County. All the activities were live-streamed on several platforms, and statistics suggested that the live-stream was viewed almost one million times at least.










Moments of the homecoming


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Liu Yaoze, Wang Zhen, Shen Yanzhe, Zhang Keli and Chen Shuo
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
Designed by Wu Haojing
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:51
TITLE:Beihang Celebrates 35th Teachers’ Day
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2279.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Celebrates 35th Teachers’ Day
                

                    Release time：September 15, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


The afternoon of September 9 witnessed the ceremony of celebrating the 35th Teachers’ Day at Beihang University. The ceremony was held to commend winners of 2019 Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Awards as well as outstanding groups and individuals who have made great contributions in the fields of teaching, research, talent introduction and cultivation and students affairs in the past academic year, serving as a chance for teachers and educators to observe Teachers’ Day together. It was attended by university leaders, representatives of the award winners, people in charge of the administrations, representatives of the united front, teacher representatives and student representatives.

At the ceremony
A video made for Teacher’s Day was presented as the prelude to the ceremony. It showed how generations of Beihang teachers had been passing the everlasting belief that Beihangers should serve the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics to students in their prime since Beihang was founded 67 years ago. These pure and earnest teachers devoted themselves to talent cultivation and synchronized their pursuit and realization of dreams with the development of the People's Republic of China.

The teachers winning the teaching award received the certificates from Vice President Huang Haijun and Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee

The teachers winning the research award received the certificates from Vice President Zhang Guang

The teachers winning the award for new talents received the certificates from Vice President Liu Shuchun

The winners of the Beihang Excellence Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation received the awards from Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee, and President Xu Huibin

The winners of the Beihang Distinction Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation received the awards from He Xinzhou, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection, and Vice President Wang Yunpeng

Representatives of teachers and staff members with a 30-year career received certificates from President Xu Huibin

Han Guojun, Representative of teachers and staff members retiring this year and Vice Executive Curator of Beijing Air and Space Museum, presented the model of Beijing 1 airliner to a young teacher

Secretary Cao presented plaques to the representatives of the teachers retiring this year and books titled “An Oral History of Beihang” to new teachers

Representatives of new teachers presented flowers to the representatives of the teachers retiring this year, and the latter helped the former wear badges of Beihang University

Secretary Cao spoke at the ceremony
On behalf of the Party Committee and the university leadership, Secretary Cao sent her greetings and best wishes to the teachers and staff of Beihang University. She appreciated the sincerity, passion, love, ideals, nobility and devotion of the awardees and pointed out three focuses to the faculty and staff. Firstly, they should stay true to the original aspiration, always carry forward the good traditions and be determined to carry out the essential task of moral achievement and talent cultivation. Secondly, they should undertake the mission of building a first-class team of teachers. Thirdly, they should take on the responsibility of cultivating top talents and making top contributions. According to Secretary Cao, everyone should inherit and pass down the spirit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics, coming up with a “Beihang answer” to the question of building a world-class university with Chinese characteristics.
At the end of the ceremony, all the attendees sang a song together to express their best wishes to the People's Republic of China, who would celebrate its 70th birthday.
Dating back to 2017, the Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Awards are the highest honor of talent cultivation at Beihang University, including Beihang Accomplishment Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation, Beihang Excellence Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation and Beihang Distinction Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation. The previous winners of Beihang Accomplishment Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation are Academician Gao Zhentong and Prof. Wen Chuanyuan.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu and Wu Shaofei
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:52
TITLE:Sino-American Spinal Cord Injury and Repair Experiment Verifies Prof. Li Xiaoguang’s Research Results
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2391.htm
TEXT:
Sino-American Spinal Cord Injury and Repair Experiment Verifies Prof. Li Xiaoguang’s Research Results
                

                    Release time：January 17, 2019 / 
                


Recently, the results of the 14-month-long Sino-American Spinal Cord Injury and Repair Verification Experiment have been published in Experimental Neurology, entitled “Validation study of neurotrophin-3-releasing chitosan facilitation of neural tissue generation in the severely injured adult rat spinal cord”.

Jointly published by the University of Miami, Beihang University and Capital Medical University, this article verifies the reliability and repeatability of Beihang Professor Li Xiaoguang’s research results entitled “NT3-chitosan elicits robust endogenous neurogenesis to enable functional recovery afterspinal cord injury” published in PNAS in 2015.
In 2015, Professor Li Xiaoguang's team discovered that endogenous neural stem cells in the central nervous system of adult rodents can be activated, recruited and migrated to the lesion site to differentiate into mature neurons, which then integrate with the existing neural circuits of the host, leading to the recovery of paraplegia. This study solves the problem of long-distance axon growth in central nervous system and provides a new theoretical basis for central nervous regeneration.
In May of 2018, Professor Li Xiaoguang's team demonstrated for the first time that the bioactive materials independently developed in China can improve the local microenvironment of injury, promote the long-distance regeneration of the cortical spinal tract (CST) of non-human primates Rhesus monkeys, and establish a functional neural network with spinal cord across the injury area, so as to restore the limb function of paraplegia. Related research was published in PNAS, and reported by many media like Science and Technology Daily, People's Daily and Guangming Daily.
The Validation Study is available at:
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0014488618305363?via%3Dihub
 
Reported and edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:53
TITLE:Beihang Team Advances to 2019 ICPC World Finals
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2387.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Advances to 2019 ICPC World Finals
                

                    Release time：January 23, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


Recently, Beihang undergraduate students successfully advanced to the 2019 International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) World Finals. This is the sixth time for Beihang to reach the world finals since 2013.
It is “Nonsense Time” team from Beihang ICPC Team that advanced to the finals this time. The team members are Wu Junjie, Zhong Zihao and Deng Yixing under the guidance of Prof. Song You from the School of Software.
In 2018, more than 55,000 students from over 3,100 universities in 111 countries covering 6 continents participated. They teamed up and attended the 43th ICPC regional qualifiers, and finally 135 teams from 135 universities were in the 2019 world finals. Those teams included many students from famous international and domestic universities, such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Harvard University, Princeton University, Lomonosov Moscow State University, Tsinghua University, Peking University and Shanghai Jiao Tong University in the previous contest. The 2019 ICPC World Finals will be held in the University of Porto in Portugal from Mar. 31st, 2019 to Apr. 5th, 2019.

“Nonsense Time” won third place in the Qingdao Regional Contest （The left three are Wu Junjie, Deng Yixing and Zhong Zihao respectively）
ICPC is an annual contest aimed at demonstrating the innovation ability and team spirit and integrative competence of college students who need to complete the whole process of problem analysis, algorithm design, programming and problem solving under pressure. After more than 40 years, ICPC has developed into the most influential international computer competition for college students. Beihang ICPC program design competition is leaded by the Office of Academic Affairs and implemented by the School of Software, and its participants come from different schools of the university.
 
Reported by Yang Jingwei
Reviewed by Song You
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:54
TITLE:TU Clausthal President Joachim Schachtner Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2302.htm
TEXT:
TU Clausthal President Joachim Schachtner Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：July 5, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of July 2nd, the President of Beihang University Xu Huibin met with a delegation led by Professor Joachim Schachtner, President of Technische Universität Clausthal (TU Clausthal), at the conference center of New Main Building. Relevant leaders from the International Division of Beihang University also attended the event.

During the talk, President Xu Huibin extended his welcome to the delegation and briefed the guest on the achievements made by the two universities in personnel training and scientific research since the establishment of the cooperative partnership.

President Joachim Schachtner expressed gratitude for the warm reception and introduced the recent developments of TU Clausthal. The two sides fully exchanged views and agreed to further strengthen cooperation in fields such as talent cultivation by summer school programs and scientific research in energy, machinery and materials and other advantageous disciplines of the two universities.

TU Clausthal is an institute of technology in Clausthal-Zellerfeld, Lower Saxony, Germany. The university consists of three faculties with 34 institutes dedicated to technical, scientific and economic topics. Besides, it has three innovative centers, the Energy Research Center Niedersachsen (EFZN), the Clausthal Centre of Material Technology (CZM) and the Center of Simulation (SWZ). The advantageous subjects of the university include energy, materials, computer science, mechanical engineering, etc.


Reported by Gao Yuan
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:55
TITLE:The 15th "Enterprise Open Day" Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3441.htm
TEXT:
The 15th "Enterprise Open Day" Held
                

                    Release time：March 3, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On the morning of February 25, the 15th "Enterprise Open Day" of Sino-French Engineer School/School of General Engineering was held in No. 2 Teaching Building of Xueyuan Road Campus. 19 well-known domestic and foreign enterprises participated in the event. Being able to chat face-to-face with students, representatives from these enterprises expounded their corporate philosophy and provided future employment or internship opportunities for students.

Hong Guanxin, the Chinese dean, Frédéric Genty, the French dean, and Zhang Jiang, the secretary of the party committee of Sino-French Engineer School/School of General Engineering also showed up in person, conducting intimate exchanges with their enterprise partners. Enterprises such as Safran, AVIC INTL, and CATIC, which have participated in previous "Enterprise Open Day" multiple times, said they had benefited a lot from such events as graduates from Beihang had become an important source of recruitment. AXENS Technologies, a new member of the event, praised that the students’ overall competence and proficiency in French were impressive. The "Enterprise Open Day" was also much lauded for providing an excellent platform for enterprises to learn more about the schools and their students.

During the event, undergraduates and postgraduates in their final years conducted face-to-face exchanges with enterprise representatives to have a better understanding of each enterprise and submitted their resumes. Undergraduates from lower grades also actively took part in the event to equip themselves with some basic knowledge about internship and employment in advance, so as to set a specific direction for the future. In a warm atmosphere, enterprise representatives provided the students with the latest business information and professional career guidance. Now the "Enterprise Open Day" has become a vital platform for boosting university-enterprise cooperation and elevating students' international competitiveness.





Reported by Xu Gaonan
Reviewed by Zhang Jiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:56
TITLE:“A Midsummer Night's Dream” Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2349.htm
TEXT:
“A Midsummer Night's Dream” Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：April 22, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


 
On the evening of April 17, “A Midsummer Night's Dream”, a classic comedy written by William Shakespeare, was staged by TNT Theatre at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall.


As the treasures of western literature, Shakespeare’s plays have charmed generations of readers for over four-hundred years. “A Midsummer Night's Dream”, the play performed at Beihang this time, is one of his most successful comedies. It portrays a series of events revolving around the wedding of Duke Theseus of Athens and the Amazon queen, Hippolyta, including the emotional entanglements of four young Athenian lovers, a play by six amateur actors in celebration of the wedding, the quarrel between the king and the queen of the fairies, and the crisscross relationships among these groups of characters.


In their British-style performance, TNT Theatre aimed to add weight to the comedy by expressing various themes through the characters, integrating drama, music, dance and chorus. The actors and actresses impressed the audience with their exquisite performance, rich body language, vivid comedy language and stirring drama conflicts, showing the joy, pain and lunacy of love. They endowed the fairies, heroes and mythological figures in Shakespeare’s works with the free spirit and great vitality of TNT performances, and their creative addition of Chinese words also won rounds of applause from the audience in this wonderful night. What enchanted the Chinese audience, according to the comment by the media, are “the ingenious imagination contained in the concise but not simple design, the pure British style and the strong dramatic impact”.


Founded in 1980, TNT Theatre is a world-class international touring theatre winning many prizes. It is not only a prestigious theatre in Britain but also the most popular English theatre that takes the lead in the number of tours and the countries covered, dominating the market of English drama in Germany and staging most performances in France, Japan and Russia. The theatre is an exponent of sparking the imagination of the audience and enables them to be participators rather than onlookers. It integrates several art forms into the plays and invites top composers to tailor music for every play, featuring strong elements of music and dance in its performances. Since 2000, it has staged a series of Shakespeare’s works, including “Hamlet”, “Macbeth”, “A Midsummer Night's Dream”, “Romeo and Juliet”, “The Taming of the Shrew” and so on, which have been put on stage over a thousand times in more than 30 countries.

Reported and edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:57
TITLE:Beihang Holds Opening Ceremony for 2021 Fresh Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3154.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Opening Ceremony for 2021 Fresh Students
                

                    Release time：September 13, 2021 / Li Yifan
                


At 8 a. m., September 11, the opening ceremony for 2021 fresh students was simultaneously held at both Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus, marking the new journey of more than 9,000 students at Beihang University. Undergraduates and postgraduates attended the ceremony jointly, with a combination of online live-stream and offline experience at the two campuses in a synchronous way.




Among attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun and Tao Zhi, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo, Chief Designer of China’s Astronauts System Huang Weifen, as well as student, teacher and alumni representatives. The ceremony was hosted by Cheng Bo.
After all the participating students and staff watched a video named “Chasing Dream in Sky and Challenging the Future”, the ceremony officially kicked off in the solemn national anthem.


On behalf of all faculty members and students at Beihang, President Xu Huibin extended a warm welcome to more than 9,000 fresh students from all over China. He then reviewed the past 69-year development of Beihang, and heartened the newcomers to be as diligent and resilient as seniors, and devote themselves to the nation by realizing their full potential and missions.

President Xu encouraged all the students to inherit the Beihang spirit manifested in dedicating themselves to serving the country. Students, as a new generation of youth at Beihang, are expected to stick to their original aspirations as the engine for researching and striving for their dreams in the deeds of national rejuvenation. President Xu also hoped that all the students would enjoy a bright future by seizing the day and living it to the fullest.
Cao Shumin read out the prize winners of the 2021 Scholarship for New Graduate Students, and the honorary certificates were presented to the winners on stage by leaders.

Diao Jiayi, a 2021 freshman from the School of Future Aerospace Technology / ShenYuan Honors College, delivered a speech as an undergraduate representative. Enjoying the highest grade of students entering Beihang from Sichuan Province, Diao shared his yearning for a new life at Beihang and sheer determination to devote himself to China’s aviation development.

As a representative of the new postgraduates, Liu Yuhan from the School of Astronautics conveyed her resolution to devote herself to the nation by fulfilling her mission. She made a commitment to be ambitious, tough and confident, and contributing to national rejuvenation.

Jiang Nan, a Ph.D. student from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, shared his harvest gained in the past decade at Beihang. He appealed to all the students to improve their ability to innovate and face scientific challenges while persevering in chasing dreams despite setbacks and obstacles.

Professor Zhao Lidong from the School of Materials Science and Engineering spoke as a representative of teachers. He shared his opinions with the students with the key words of orientation, capability and passion, hoping every student realize the value of life by devoting to the cause of the country and the people.

Huang Weifen, the chief designer of China’s Astronauts System, who obtained her Bachelor’s degree from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering in 1985, addressed a speech as the alumni representative. She shared her own experience of being a female astronaut coach to inspire the juniors, expecting them to combine the theory with practice and strive to be extraordinary through working tirelessly and keeping feet on the ground.

At the ceremony, the university leaders presented letters of appointment to counselor representatives. Cao Shumin and Xu Huibin presented school badges to the freshmen representatives. All the 2021 fresh students wore their badges on their clothes.






“As a fresh student of Beihang, I will uphold the motto of Beihang University: to acquire both ability and moral integrity and to combine knowledge and practice; I will stick to our original aspiration and mission, and dedicate to the service of the country. I will become a Beihanger who is patriotic, upstanding and honest, innovative and creative, action-oriented, and successful. It is I who shoulder the responsibility of building a powerhouse!” All the new students swore the oath with the voice echoing in the two campuses as well as their minds.





The opening ceremony came to an end with all the faculty members and students chorusing the university anthem “Looking up to the Starry Sky”.




Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Zhang Zhibo, Chen Jiaheng, Li Yi, Qin Yuhang, Zhu Quan, Wang Zhen, and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:58
TITLE:Director of Brazilian Space Agency Visits Beihang Regional Center
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2325.htm
TEXT:
Director of Brazilian Space Agency Visits Beihang Regional Center
                

                    Release time：May 27, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Carlos Augusto Teixeira de Moura, Director of Brazilian Space Agency, paid a visit to Beihang Regional Center (BRC) on May 24th, and had a meeting with Jiang Hui, Director of the Department of International Cooperation of China National Space Administration, and Weng Jingnong, Executive Director of BRC and Dean of International School of Beihang University.

Weng Jingnong, on behalf of BRC, warmly welcomed Carlos on his visit, and briefed the overall development of Beihang in the fields of talent cultivation, scientific research and global cooperation in recent years. He also reviewed the achievements of the center in talent training and international cooperation with Brazilian Space Agency since its establishment, and welcomed more Brazilian students to study in China in the future.
In his speech, Carlos expressed his gratitude to BRC for cultivating a host of excellent space talents for Brazil. He noted that last year marked the 30th anniversary of China-Brazil space cooperation and he was glad to see the fruitful results of bilateral cooperation. He also hoped to continue to deepen the cooperation and friendship with BRC and achieve win-win development in the future.
Following that, both sides carried out an in-depth discussion around international education cooperation. Weng said that Brazil, as one of the member states of BRC, has made positive contributions to the development of the center, and he cordially invited Carlos to attend the meeting of regional center council and the fifth anniversary of the center to be held later this year. Carlos happily accepted the invitation.
After the meeting, Carlos met with the Brazilian students who are studying for their master's degrees in the center, learned about their study and life in detail, and encouraged them to cherish their time and devote themselves to scientific research, so as to inject new vitality into the construction of China-Brazil aerospace industry in the future.
During his stay, Carlos also toured the Beijing Air and Space Museum, video conference room for distance learning, library, classrooms, etc.

Up to now, a total of ten postgraduate students from Brazilian Space Agency have been recommended to BRC, of whom six students are currently studying at the center and four have graduated.

 
Reported by Cui Yizhuo
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:59
TITLE:Beihang Delegation Visits TUIT
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2219.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Delegation Visits TUIT
                

                    Release time：January 13, 2020 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, a delegation from BeiDou Silk Road Institute of Frontier Institute of Science and Technology Innovation and Small Satellite Research Laboratory of the School of Astronautics of Beihang University visited Tashkent University of Information Technologies (TUIT) in Uzbekistan. They were invited to take part in the International Conference on Information, Science & Communication Technology (ICISCT 2019) and had a meeting with Tashev Komil Axmatovich, Vice Rector for Scientific Affairs of TUIT, Davronbekov. D. A, Dean of the Faculty of Radio and Mobile Communication, and other related crews.

The delegates visited TUIT’s Information Technology Museum, Communication Lab, Radio Lab and other laboratories. They introduced the practice and training experience of Beihang’s small satellite project to more than 30 teachers and students of TUIT.
During the visit, the two sides signed a formal agreement on the co-construction of BeiDou Joint Lab and a memorandum on small satellite project cooperation. Meanwhile, they reached a consensus on academic sharing, students’ exchange, technology transfer and other aspects in BeiDou agricultural application. Both sides will work together to promote the technical research and educational training tasks related to BeiDou / GNSS.
Uzbekistan is an important country along the Belt and Road. Beihang University has established cooperation with TUIT in recent years. Beihang is always committed to cultivating more versatile talents with exquisite skills in satellite navigation and other related fields for the world, and promoting the industrial development and application of navigation and location services for Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) partners including Uzberkistan.
The visit further deepens the friendship between Beihang and TUIT, improves the global cooperation strategy of Beihang and lays a solid foundation for space technology to “go global”.


Reported by Zhang Mi
Reviewed by Wang Fei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:60
TITLE:Meeting of International Advisory Committee for the Development of BME at Beihang Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2287.htm
TEXT:
Meeting of International Advisory Committee for the Development of BME at Beihang Held
                

                    Release time：September 4, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, an international Advisory Committee supported by a panel of 15 experts made a thorough evaluation on the development of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University since 2017. The experts included Prof. Edward X. GUO from Columbia Engineering, Prof. Da-gan FENG, an academician of Australian Academy of Science, Prof. Scott Hollister from Georgia Institute of Technology, Prof. Ahmed Elsheikh from the University of Liverpool, Prof. Arthur MAK from The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Prof. Ming Zhang from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Prof. Peter LEE from The University of Melbourne and so on.
At the opening ceremony, Zhao Gang, Deputy Party Secretary of Beihang, awarded the certificate of honor to Prof. Edward X. GUO, Chair of the newly elected committee. The ceremony was attended by representatives from the International Division of Beihang, researchers from Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering and the faculty of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering.

Zhao awarded the certificate of honor to Prof. Edward X. GUO
In Zhao’s speech, he pointed out that Beihang started to develop the Biological Science and Medical Engineering into a “competitive discipline” since 2018. He hoped that the experts of the evaluation committee can generously offer valuable suggestions, so as to accelerate the discipline development.
Then, Prof. Edward X. GUO made a detailed introduction on the committee members. He expected the face-to-face communications with students and faulty and promised to make an comprehensive evaluation and provide practical advice.
During the panel meeting, Prof. Qi Yingxin, Dean of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, addressed the panel on the talents cultivation, scientific researches, faculty groups, lab resources and international interactions of the discipline. In response to the questions from the experts, she also presented the major challenges at current stage and the focus of work in the next five years. Besides, 16 young teachers in different fields of study made presentations on their respective work, which received praises and suggestions from the advisory panel.
In addition, the committee members had two lunch meetings with 24 undergraduates and 24 graduates, respectively. On top of that, group meetings were held between 40 teachers and the committee members, in which teachers shared their personal experience concerning the discipline development.
After the meeting, the committee members visited the branch of Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering at Doudian town as well as some labs of the school.

A group meeting with young teachers
After discussions, Prof. Edward X. GUO gave an preliminary feedback of the evaluation, in which he spoke highly of the progress made in the last two years. A detailed and formal evaluation report will be provided later on.

The group photo


Reported by Guo Meng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:61
TITLE:13th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3412.htm
TEXT:
13th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
                

                    Release time：December 22, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On December 17, the 13th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held online. More than 600 young scholars from Harvard University, University of Oxford, University of Cambridge, Stanford University and other world-class universities attended the forum. Wang Yunpeng, Beihang President and academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering, Lyu Weifeng, Beihang Vice President, and leaders from various schools, institutes and departments attended the opening ceremony of the main forum. The ceremony was hosted by Zhang Yi, Director of Human Resource Department of Beihang University.

In his speech, Wang Yunpeng extended warm welcome and sincere greetings to young scholars from home and abroad. He noted that President Xi Jinping has stressed that education, science and technology, and human resources are basic and strategic support for building a modern socialist country in all respects, among which human resources are the first priority, providing a guidance for us to promote talent training. As one of the top-level universities in China, Beihang has focused on talent cultivation and attracted talented persons from home and abroad to join in the construction of “Double First-Class” university over the past years, and has made contributions to the building of talent center and innovation hub in China. In the principle of openness and inclusiveness, Beihang seeks outstanding talent all over the world and then trains them by every feasible way. It continues to optimize mechanisms and enhance ability and governance to bring out the best in them. Wang Yunpeng said that Beihang University, which has just celebrated its 70th birthday, is making great strides toward the goal of building a world-class university with Chinese characteristics. Beihang is more eager for talent than ever before, and it is confident and capable of absorbing, keeping and utilizing talent. He hoped that the Vision Forum would serve as a platform for young scholars to focus on academic frontiers, exchange ideas and show their talents, and that more and more young scholars take this forum as an opportunity to know and join Beihang, and achieve their careers and dreams.

Prof. Yang Lijun, President Assistant and Dean of Institute of Science and Technology, announced the winner of the Best Report in the 12th Vision Forum. He hoped that the winners will continue to serve the major needs of the country and devote themselves to teaching and scientific research, making more contributions in their fields, and that they can work together in Beihang, contributing to the innovation and development in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics.
In his speech, Vice President Lyu Weifeng reviewed the development and achievements of Beihang since its birth, and introduced status quo of discipline construction, talent cultivation, scientific and technological innovation and platform building in Beihang, and gave a detailed summary of new policies and measures for bringing in talent. He noted that Beihang will aim at the nation’s strategic needs and implement its discipline construction policies unswervingly, exploring a new way to build a world-class university with Chinese characteristics. He welcomed young talent to join Beihang and grow together with Beihang.

In the session of special reports, three invited experts delivered cutting-edge reports in related fields. Dai Qing, a distinguished researcher from the National Center for Nanoscience and Technology, Prof. Li Yibin from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, and Prof. Chen Yuli from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering gave their reports respectively. Their reports show research progress and key scientific problems in related fields and play a positive role in guiding young personnel to engage in their scientific research in the future.

During the discussion session, Prof. Yang Lijun, Prof. Cai Jun, Prof. Wu Ruilin and Prof. Deng Yue introduced the university’s support system and policies in discipline construction, research platform building and resources and talent introduction, shared their valuable experience and insights on school selection and personal development, and answered questions from the participants.

In order to implement the university’s strategy of strengthening the university with talent and to realize the talent introduction precisely, the 13th Beihang University Vision Forum has set up 32 online sub-forums, which will be held by each school or institute from December 18, 2022 to December 31, 2022.
Centering on the goal of building a “world-class university with Chinese characteristics” and the international academic frontier, the forum aims to build a platform for young talent from home and abroad to have academic exchanges and display academic achievements. It is closely integrated with the university’s annual recruitment plan to introduce outstanding young talent from home and abroad. The Vision Forum has been held for thirteen times since December 2016, attracting more than 240 young talent to join Beihang, and over 80 have been selected for the Overseas High-Level Talent Recruitment Programs through Beihang. They devote themselves to teaching and research, and play an important role in cultivating virtues and morality, conducting scientific research and providing social services.


Reported by Wang Fuyin
Photographed by Di Yimin
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:62
TITLE:CHINA DAILY：Dramas assist with issue resolution
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3174.htm
TEXT:
CHINA DAILY：Dramas assist with issue resolution
                

                    Release time：October 25, 2021 / 
                


BEIJING, October 25 (CHINA DAILY):


Students at Beihang University in Beijing perform at the school's annual psychological drama event in June. [Photo provided to China Daily]

Li Weihua, teacher at the Positive Psychological Experience Center of Beihang University in Beijing
Since 2016, my university has hosted annual psychological situation drama performances. The aim is to help students deal with mental health problems by learning from the experiences of others.
All the dramas are created, directed and performed by the students, who integrate information about psychology into the scripts under the guidance of professional teachers.
Through a combination of lighting, sound effects and artistic performance, these dramas illustrate the deep motivations and aspirations of university students in daily life and disseminate knowledge about mental health and psychological intervention methods.
We feel that such information is more vividly and profoundly presented to the audience in the form of performances rather than traditional classroom education.
Beihang's new approach to mental health education aims to enlighten students through art under the guidance of positive psychology to cultivate positive mental traits and tap their potential.
This much-loved innovative project has become a major source of psychological knowledge inside and outside the university, bringing good educational results and attracting widespread participation from students.
Since the project began, more than 70 performances have been given by students and the elective courses on psychological drama have been taken around 4,000 times. During the latest performances, held in June, students acted out their anxieties, from preparing for final exams, finishing writing papers before deadlines, dealing with long-distance and parental relationships and their inability to handle problems.
In one performance, a mother and her daughter quarreled about eating fish, as the mother insisted that fish contains lots of nutrition that can boost mental ability.
The student refused because she didn't want her mother to control every aspect of her life. "You must eat the fish today. One small detail can influence your life," the mother said.
Many students who watched the performance said that they could relate to the play as it reminded them of all the nutritious food and supplements their parents made them eat during high school to help them prepare for the college entrance exam.
Some said they want to tell their parents that they are mature enough to deal with their difficulties themselves, while others said they still miss having their parents' help in life, rather than dealing with problems alone.
Vivid portrayals of real-life problems can trigger a lot of empathy from the students and can help them heal from their own problems.
Li Weihua spoke with Zou Shuo.


Edited by Jia Aiping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:63
TITLE:Five Works from Beihang Selected into SIGGRAPH Asia 2021
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3241.htm
TEXT:
Five Works from Beihang Selected into SIGGRAPH Asia 2021
                

                    Release time：January 10, 2022 / Liang Xiaochun
                


The 14th ACM SIGGRAPH Conference and Exhibition on Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques in Asia (SIGGRAPH Asia 2021) was held both online and offline from December 14 to 17, 2021 in Tokyo, Japan. Five works by students from the School of New Media Art and Design of Beihang University, under the guidance of Prof. Yan Shuo, were selected into SIGGRAPH Asia 2021, including Flower and  the Youth by Lu Yu and Liu Zixiao, Bodyreath by Zhang Huifeng, ONCE by Liu Zixiao and Li Lutong, Meet the Deer King by Zhang Jing, Zou Guangwen and Zhang Guangzheng, and INDEFINATE by Zhang Chenxin and Hu Lesi.

SIGGRAPH Asia is an Asian conference and exhibition on Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques organized by ACM SIGGRAPH. As a highly influential exhibition in the fields of Computer Graphics and Multimedia, it is dedicated to providing a platform for technical and creative people from across the world. This year, a total of 19 works were shortlisted for the SIGGRAPH Asia XR project which collected excellent XR works and prototype systems from all over the world, among which, only 5 XR works were from Chinese mainland all by Beihang students.





Reported by Chang Ting
Reviewed by Wang Qun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:64
TITLE:Wu Weishan Attends Beihang Grand Lecture
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3071.htm
TEXT:
Wu Weishan Attends Beihang Grand Lecture
                

                    Release time：May 7, 2021 / Zheng Quan
                



On the afternoon of April 28, Wu Weishan, member of the standing committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference and curator of the National Art Museum of China, was invited to the Beihang Grand Lecture to give an opening lecture for the first Beihang Art Festival. Cao Shumin, Party Secretary of Beihang University, and Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University attended the event. The lecture was hosted by Huang Haijun. More than 700 teachers and students listened to the lecture simultaneously on the two campuses.


Wu Weishan delivered a keynote speech entitled "Making a Sculpture for the Times" to teachers and students of Beihang University, sharing the spirit of our nation, our time and the Chinese culture of the sculptures, as well as his exploration of sculpture art and the initial thought of making sculptures for the Times.
Starting from his series of sculptures of Chinese figures, Wu Weishan, shared his understanding of sculpture and culture. He illustrated the stories of China with examples of his famous works, and explained his devotion to making sculptures of the Times.

When it comes to the creation of the Chinese character series, Wu Weishan said that in the 1980s and 1990s, he was impressed by the social transition and diversified value orientation. However, nowadays young people seldom know about the ancient sages who made outstanding contributions to human progress and social development. Therefore, he began to create the sculptures of them, so as to establish an era monument to inspire newcomers.

Over the past 30 years, Wu Weishan has been devoting himself to this area, and has created more than 600 sculptures of historical and cultural figures. "By portraying the gentle, sensitive and resolute Chinese people, I have been searching for ways to express the tortuous and unyielding journey of a great nation."

In his sculpture creation, Wu Weishan takes the Chinese aesthetic spirit as the foundation and connects the tradition with the contemporary by remolding the profound Chinese excellent traditional culture and the beauty in daily life.
Wu Weishan is dedicated to promoting Chinese culture via the art of sculpture, and he found a new style of “freehand sculpture”. "Freehand method is the soul of traditional Chinese sculpture, which focuses on spiritual image modeling. It is different from the Western realistic sculpture in its unique aesthetic form, and it presents surging spiritual power."
"We must bear in mind our history rather than forgetting our founding aspiration. It is the century-long struggle of the Communist Party of China that has formed today's China." In the lecture, Wu shared and interacted with the audience to jointly explore the rich history, artistic spirit, cultural connotation and humanistic value of the nation contained in sculpture art.

After the lecture, Cao Shumin awarded Wu Weishan the honorary certificate of "Beihang Grand Lecture".

Wu Weishan is the correspondant de l’Académie des Beaux-Arts, vice president of the 9th Chinese Artists Association, famous contemporary sculptor, member of the Standing Committee of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, and the curator of the National Art Museum of China. Because of his outstanding achievements and great influence, he has been awarded as an academician by Italy, Russia, Ukraine and other countries, and was awarded the gold medal of Russian National Academy of Arts and Sciences, Michelangelo Medal, and many other awards at home and aboard. His works have been exhibited in the Italian national museum, the United Nations Headquarters, and other countries and regions. His grand solo exhibition "Sculpting the Souls" was held in the National Museum of China in 2019, drawing the attention and praise of the world.


Reported by Wang Qing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:65
TITLE:2019 Haptic Technology Seminar and Preparatory Meeting of AsiaHaptics 2020 Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2343.htm
TEXT:
2019 Haptic Technology Seminar and Preparatory Meeting of AsiaHaptics 2020 Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：April 30, 2019 / Li Siying
                


Hosted by the National Engineering Laboratory of Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality (NELVRAR) of Beihang University, the 2019 Haptic Technology Seminar and Preparatory Meeting of AsiaHaptics 2020 was held at the International Convention Center of New Main Building on April 20, 2019.
A number of famous experts from universities and institutes, who are engaged in haptic interaction, were invited to attend the meeting. They discussed about the cutting-edge technologies in the field concerned, as well as preparatory work plans of AsiaHaptics 2020.
Supported by the IEEE Technical Committee on Haptics, the 4th Asia Haptics 2020 will be held in Beijing, China. It is co-hosted by Beihang University, IEEE Technical Committee on Hapticsand China Society of Image and Graphics; undertaken by NELVRAR and the School of Mechanical Engineering & Automation of Beihang University; co-organized by the Human Computer Interaction Committee of China Computer Federation and the Virtual Reality and Visualization Technology Committee.
Dr. Liu Guanyang from the NELVRAR chaired the meeting, which began with a welcome address from Professor Li Deyu, director of Global Beihang. Professor Li spoke highly of the event which is of positive significance to enhance international communication and talent cultivation of Beihang University.
Professor Hu Shimin, director of NELVRAR, delivered a speech to introduce the significant changes that the technology of virtual reality is making in people’s life, as well as the role that haptic interaction plays in promoting the immersion of virtual reality.
Professor Wang Dangxiao, General Chair of AsiaHaptics 2020, introduced the history of development and the goal of the meeting. Associate Professor Liu Qian from Dalian University of Technology, Associate Professor from Xiamen University, and Guo Zeyong from Beihang University introduced in detail the budget, website construction and the logo design about the preparation for AsiaHaptics 2020.

The second part of the haptic technology seminar was hosted by Professor Sun Xiaoying, Dean of College of Communication Engineering of Jilin University. Three talks were given in this part by Professor Xu Weiliang from the University of Auckland in New Zealand, Professor Xu Yingqing from Tsinghua University, and Professor Song Aiguo from Southeast University respectively. They introduced the deformable multimodal haptic sensor array of soft-bodied robots, the research on haptic cognition and interactive experience design for the blind people, and the force sense measurement and the ergonomic evaluation of dexterous manipulation of space station.

At the end of the meeting, Editor Qi Yuan introduced the Virtual Reality & Intelligent Hardware (VRIH), a journal sponsored by Beihang University. She invited more scholars to contribute their works to VRIH. The Chinese Academy of Sciences is in charge of the journal.

AsiaHaptics is a new type of international conference for the haptics fields, featuring interactive presentations with demos. It is held biannually to alternate the World Haptics Conference, each attracting 200 to 300 attendees related to haptic hardware, human haptic perception, and other haptic applications around the world.

Reported by Song Wanheng
Reviewed by Cong Baoqiang
Edited by Jia Aiping and Li Siying
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:66
TITLE:Prof. Li-Min Liu’s Group Publishes Article in Nature Nanotechnology, Reporting  Latest Results in the Field of Layered Metal Oxide
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2344.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Li-Min Liu’s Group Publishes Article in Nature Nanotechnology, Reporting  Latest Results in the Field of Layered Metal Oxide
                

                    Release time：April 29, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On April 22, Nature Nanotechnology published an article titled “Injection of oxygen vacancies in the bulk lattice of layered cathodes”, reporting the latest results in the field of layered metal oxide achieved by a joint effort of Prof. Li-Min Liu from the School of Physics of Beihang University, Prof. Chongming Wang from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) of USA, Prof. Yanfei Peng from the Beijing University of Technology, etc. Via experiments and theoretical calculation, it is found that the migration and activation of the oxide ion in layered cathode is much easier than currently realized.

With the high energy density, layered cathode materials are expected to replace the current commonly used cathode materials and achieve the breakthrough in designing high-capacity lithium-ion batteries. During operation of a rechargeable battery, except the reduction of transition metal cations, triggered oxide ions redox process also provides high-capacity to Lithium-rich layered cathode. However, this process is associated with a high cutoff voltage at which an anionic redox process is activated. Therefore, it may cause severe surface degradation, of which the degradation led by surface phase transition is a significant degradation mechanism. The research finds that it is easy for oxygen vacancies to migrate in the layered cathode materials. Nanovoid formation and lattice structure transformation start from the particle surface and gradually propagate towards the centre as the battery is cycled. The mechanism increases the understanding of the generation and migration rules of oxide ions in the layered cathode materials, which provides the research basis for optimizing the stability of the cathode materials for lithium-ion batteries.
Since joining the School of Physics of Beihang University in September 2017, Prof. Li-Min Liu have published a series of articles on the defect of metal oxides. As a corresponding author, he has published five papers in Nature sub-journals, one in Nature Nanotechnology, one in Nature Phonics and three in Nature Communications. In 2018, invited by Surface Science Reports, he wrote a review article titled “Excess electrons in reduced rutile and anatase TiO2” (Surf. Sci. Rep. 73, 58 (2018)).
The research article:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41565-019-0428-8

Reported by Liu Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Lu Guanghong
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:67
TITLE:NAE Holds GSCP Seminar at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2570.htm
TEXT:
NAE Holds GSCP Seminar at Beihang
                

                    Release time：November 6, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


The National Academy of Engineering (NAE) held a seminar of Grand Challenges Scholars Program (GCSP) at Beihang University from October 16th to 18th. It was sponsored by the School of General Engineering, with Dr. Bindiganavalel Ramakrishna, Director of NAE GCSP Network, serving as the host.
Over 30 experts and scholars, as well as tens of students from the University of Toronto, New York University, Beihang University, Tsinghua University, Peking University, Beijing Jiaotong University and so on, attended the seminar. 


On October 16th, Dr. Ramakrishna reported on GCSP for the participants. Designed to meet the 14 “Grand Challenges” announced by NAE, the program aims to cultivate excellent engineers equipped with five competencies—research creativity, multidisciplinarity, entrepreneurship, multicultural literacy and social consciousness by reforming training models of engineering talents. More than 50 colleges and universities have participated in the program.


On the following day, October 17th, Dr. Ramakrishna hosted a seminar for teachers, including an introduction of GCSP cases, a simulation of its teaching framework and a heated discussion about topics like curriculum design, program implementation, multidisciplinary research, innovative design, entrepreneurship programs and global horizon.
Prof. Haijun Huang, Vice President of Beihang University, also attended and addressed the seminar on that day. He pointed out the consistency of objectives between GCSP and Beihang. According to him, the introduction of GCSP to Beihang could help develop entrepreneurship awareness, professional abilities and solution-oriented thinking in top innovative talents, internationalize engineering education and facilitate the exchanges and cooperation with high-level universities in the field of engineering talent cultivation.
On October 18th, the experts of the seminar visited some teaching laboratories. They inspected the lab and offered precious advice on approaches to improving teaching conditions of basic experiments and ways of using labs, according to the requirements of GCSP implementation and the curriculum of the School of General Engineering.
Besides, Prof. Guangcun Shan from the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering was recommended to be in charge of GCSP in Beihang University. He discussed the details involved in GCSP implementation with Dr. Ramakrishna and relevant experts and teachers from Beihang. 


The seminar ended in the afternoon. It provides theoretical support and practical reference for Beihang’s internationalization of engineering education and talent cultivation, and lays a solid foundation for the university selected for the “Double First-Class” initiative to meet the goals set by the national plan. 
Reported by Qiudi Zhao
Edited by Qing Wang
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:68
TITLE:Beihang University Holds 70th Anniversary Gala
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3393.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University Holds 70th Anniversary Gala
                

                    Release time：October 28, 2022 / Wen Li
                


Beihang University held a grand gala to celebrate its 70th anniversary on the night of October 25 in the comprehensive gymnasium on Shahe Campus. More than 700 attendees, including all the university leaders, Qi Faren, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and member of the first graduates of Beihang University, Sun Cong, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and member of the class of 1983, Wang Huaming, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, Su Donglin, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, Major General Duan Miyi, Major General Jian Shilong, alumni representatives and representatives of teachers and students, watched the performance on site. Alumni, teachers and students at home and abroad watched the live stream of the gala online, celebrating together the 70th anniversary of their Alma Mater.


The gala was composed of three parts to illustrate the glorious mission of Beihang University since the moment of its birth and to inherit Beihang's pursuit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics. The magnificent stage was in the shape of an aircraft, and elements of aerospace were also integrated into the performance.



With the end of the countdown, a symphony The New World (in Chinese: Xin De Tian Di) marked the beginning of the gala.


The first part, “Original Aspiration”, told Beihang's constant aspiration to serve the country from its birth during the War to Resist US Aggression and Aid Korea all the way to its declaration of building a world-class university. The poem Glorious 70 Years (in Chinese: Qi Zhi Hua Zhang) performed by student representatives showed Beihang's commitment to filling the needs of national strategies. Dreams about Stars (in Chinese: Xing Meng) sung by alumni depicted dreams of engineers in New China. The original dance Red in My Heart (in Chinese: Wo Xin Zhong De Hong) expressed deep patriotic feelings of Beihang teachers and students.








The second part, “Unremitting Efforts”, told the struggles and endeavors of four generations of Beihangers over 70 years. Microfilm Stars (in Chinese: Gei Wo Men Xing Chen De Ren) presented the devotion and expectations of Beihang teachers. One of the gala's most touching moments came when senior teachers and young students together performed the chorus Inheritance (in Chinese: San Cun Xin Huo). The show To the Sky (in Chinese: Xiong Huai Huang Yu) told the perseverance of three generations of Beihang students. Besides, wonderful shows including Vigorous Youth (in Chinese: Ben Pao De Qing Chun), Malus Micromalus (in Chinese: Xi Fu Hai Tang), Together for a Shared Future (in Chinese: Yi Qi Xiang Wei Lai), Ocean of Stars (in Chinese: Xing Chen Da Hai) exhibited the spirit of Beihang teachers and students, receiving ovations from the audience. At the end of the second part, a sitcom Live up to Youth (in Chinese: Zhu Meng Qing Chun) presented the contributions of Beihang teachers and students in major tasks of the nation.













The third part, “Unswerving Commitment”, told the new chapter where Beihang pursues to build a world-class university following the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress. Microfilm Writing a Poem in the Sky (in Chinese: Zai Tian Kong Xie Shi De Ren) recounted the struggles and explorations of Beihang teachers and students in fields of aeronautics and astronautics. A pericope of the musical Luo Yang reminded the audience of this alumnus’ great achievements. Young students in uniforms performed a dance to show their strong determination to serve the country.



Qi Faren and Sun Cong recalled their gains and thoughts when studying at Beihang University, expressed congratulations to Alma Mater for its 70th anniversary, and put forward expectations for young Beihang students.


Liu Wang, an alumnus of Beihang University and taikonaut of Shenzhou-9 mission, made a live feed and sent his wishes for the university. He hoped that more Beihang students carry on the spirit of the university and work hard for the sake of realizing the great rejuvenation of the motherland, and that Beihang University will make more progress and achievements.

Alumni, teachers and students sang Together with My Motherland (in Chinese: He Zu Guo Zai Yi Qi), with the screen showing snapshots of Beihang's growth, all of which were closely linked to the nation's development.


The gala ended with the song Navigator (in Chinese: Ling Hang) by all performers, eulogizing CPC's aspiration to seek happiness for the Chinese people and rejuvenation for the Chinese nation.

The gala is not only a ceremony interwoven with science and art, or a sincere blessing from Beihang teachers and students, but also a vivid and profound course on the ideological and political dimension. At the new historic starting point, all staff and students will struggle to build Beihang into a world-class university and make greater contributions in building China into a country strong in education, science and technology, and human resources.



Reported by Wei Qian
Photographed by Di Bailu, Zhang Xiuhui, et al.
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:69
TITLE:Beihang Launches 70th Anniversary Logos
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3298.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Launches 70th Anniversary Logos
                

                    Release time：June 17, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On June 15, Beihang University released two logos and visual identities (VI) for its 70th anniversary.

At the beginning of this year, the university launched a solicitation of logo design for the 70th anniversary, attracting many teachers and students to participate in. After receiving comments from representatives and reviews from experts, the university finally decided on the logos among plenty of candidates.

Combining “70” and the images of three representative buildings: Main Building, New Main Building and Main Building of Shahe Campus, the main logo looks stable, simple and recognizable. It recalls the memory of generations of Beihangers in the past 70 years and symbolizes the university’s development since its founding 70 years ago. The logo mainly adopts Chinese red and the university’s theme color blue to present a magnificent atmosphere as well as a jubilant and vivid visual effect.
The main logo is chiefly used for key conferences, forums, large-scale events, etc.

The auxiliary logo uses the number “70” as the basic form and lines as the main expressive technique. The “7” resembles runways and “0” resembles star trails, together highlighting the university’s feature in aeronautics and astronautics and its unique spirit.
Arranged according to the orientation of the Big Dipper, the seven planes in the logo represent “Beijing 1”, an aircraft designed by Beihang teachers and students in 1958. The image reflects Beihang’s spirit to serve the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics, Beihang’s pursuit of serving the country and Beihang’s commitment to take its responsibility as a top-class university.
The auxiliary logo is mainly used for promotional activities and recreational and sports activities within the campus.

Cultural and creative products with the main logo
Please download the logos and VI and use them according to the guideline.
Download link: https://70.buaa.edu.cn/


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:70
TITLE:Beihang Graduates Achieve Excellent Results in the 4th FFVC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2485.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Graduates Achieve Excellent Results in the 4th FFVC
                

                    Release time：August 13, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


In the 4th China Graduate Future Flight Vehicle Innovation Competition (FFVC) held on August 4th and 5th, Beihang graduate students achieved the best-ever results with two first prizes, one second prize and nine third prizes. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun attended the closing ceremony and awarded the first prize-winning teams. Leaders from the Graduate School and the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering were also present at related activities during the finals.


This year, 338 teams including 1388 graduates form 78 institutions attended the competition and 100 teams were finally chosen for the final completion. Among the 12 Beihang teams who were selected for the finals, “Bat-Flapping Aircraft” designed by Zhang Zhifei’s team from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and “Multiflyer” designed by Pan Jiayi’s team from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering won the first prize in the competition. “Variable Camber Adaptive Aircraft and System” designed by Zhao Anmin’s team from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering got the second prize, and the other nine teams won the third prize in the competition. Besides, Beihang University was honored with Excellence Organization award.


The competition this year was hosted by China Academic Degrees & Graduate Education Development Center (CDGDC) and Children & Youth Science Center of China Association for Science and Technology, and co-organized by Beihang University and the University of Aerospace Engineering. With the theme of “Into the Future through the Joint Efforts of the Army and the Masses”, focusing on the innovation of aircraft technology, the competition aims to strengthen the innovative and entrepreneurial ability as well as the comprehensive practical ability of graduate students and cultivate high-quality innovative talents.
  
Reported by Liang Yinghua and Luo Jingyao
Edited by Yu Min and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:71
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Prizes in 12th National Mathematics Competition for College Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3093.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Prizes in 12th National Mathematics Competition for College Students
                

                    Release time：May 27, 2021 / Li Xueru
                


Four students from Beihang University won prizes in the final of the 12th National Mathematics Competition for College Students held in Jilin University. In the Non-mathematics-major Group, Zhang Zhao, Fang Tinghe, and Xu Buxian won the first, second,and third prizes, respectively. Luo Tianci nabbed the second prize in the Mathematics-major Group.

In the preliminary stage, 1,359 students from Beihang University participated in the contest and 894 of them won prizes, including 85 in the Mathematics-major group and 809 in the Non-mathematics-major group. Beihang ranked first in the number of prize-winning students among all universities in Beijing, and was honored with Excellent Organization Award.
To consolidate students' basic knowledge and skills of mathematics, Zhang Jilong, Li Ya, Li Meisheng, Feng Weijie and Wen Xiao from the School of Mathematical Sciences conducted related training for the participants. Their thorough preparation and dedication delivered great results in the final. Zhang Jilong, Li Ya, Li Meisheng and Feng Weijie were also honored with the title of National Outstanding Instructor.
Founded in 2009 and sponsored by the Chinese Mathematical Society, the National Mathematics Competition for College Students is one of the most influential high-level discipline competitions for undergraduates in China. It is an important way for well-known universities across the country to select innovative talents in mathematics and provides a platform for students to share skills and ideas in mathematics. A total of 646 students from 207 universities participated in the final of the competition this year.


Written by Zhu Wenxi
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:72
TITLE:Vice President of ENAC Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2484.htm
TEXT:
Vice President of ENAC Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：August 15, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


A delegation led by Prof. Pascal Revel, Vice President of Ecole Nationale de l’Aviation Civile (ENAC), visited Beihang University on the morning of August 6. Vice President Huang Haijun met the guests at Ruxin Conference Center, and their meeting was also joined by representatives from the International Division, the Graduate School and the Sino-French Engineer School.


Vice President Huang welcomed the delegates and introduced the developments in the preparations for the foundation of a Sino-French university of aviation, which is a Beihang-ENAC project. He also analyzed the key issues of the project at this stage. On behalf of ENAC, Prof. Revel thanked Beihang for its contributions made to the project and expressed the willingness to work with Beihang to bring the university into reality as soon as possible. Later on, the two sides had an in-depth discussion that specified the next steps and the division of labor in the preparatory work.  
  
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Edited by Cun Lei
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:73
TITLE:Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Carried out at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2353.htm
TEXT:
Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Carried out at Beihang
                

                    Release time：April 17, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


On the morning of April 12, Beihang teachers and students organized a spring tree-planting activity. More than 50 people were present, including Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, members of the Standing Committee, members of the Party Committee, members of Commission for Discipline Inspection, student representatives and staff members from Office of Party and Government Affairs, Shahe Campus Management Committee, Campus Planning and Construction Investment Leading Group, etc.

Cao Shumin was earthing up the saplings

Xu Huibin was earthing up the saplings
Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin and other school leaders planted trees with student volunteers on the square under construction at the Shahe Campus. They planted 24 trees according to the planting plan in order to build a green campus with concrete actions.

Students were watering the saplings

Students were busy planting trees
Cao Shumin and Xu Huibin had a cordial talk with the freshmen who participated in the planting activity and learnt about their study, life and after-school activities in detail. They were concerned about whether they have adapted to the life in Beihang over the past year, and encouraged the students to cherish the youth and strive to become the pillar of the country.

Student representatives
The Chinese nation has all along loved trees, planted trees and protected trees. Following this tradition and guided by the conviction that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, Beihang has been fully implementing President Xi’s Thought on Ecological Civilization and making solid progress in building green campuses. Since June 2018, Beihang University has built and rebuilt green belt of about 12,000 square meters, planted and transplanted 1,063 trees and 789 flowering shrubs, aiming to beautify the environment and make teachers and students live comfortably on campus.

Written by Wu Dawen
Reported and Edited by Song Chao
Photographed by Yin Jiangxushan and Lu Shujun
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:74
TITLE:Beihang Welcomes 2021 Freshmen
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3145.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Welcomes 2021 Freshmen
                

                    Release time：September 8, 2021 / Li Xueru
                


On September 6 and 7, Beihang’s 2021 freshmen entered into Beihang University, getting ready for undergraduate enrollment. They were energetic and cheerful, looking forward to starting their new study life.






The two campuses of Beihang University were alive with warmly welcoming atmosphere. The university has been well-prepared for greeting freshmen in advance, with voluntary services put on standby at airports, train stations, classrooms, canteens, dorms, etc. The freshmen would get a favor whenever they needed it.



Beihang’s transit buses stood by at different airports and train stations, and poised for driving new students to the two campuses directly. At the check-in locations, shuttle buses were arranged to ferry students to their dormitories.





Different schools derived colorful activities with academic characteristics to welcome their freshmen. Institutions and departments were also well prepared to help students solve problems. The newcomers’ identity, health state, admission letter, and “freshman campus pass” were checked before the students got enrolled and moved in.







On September 7, Party Secretary of Beihang University Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice President Liu Shuchun, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo and other university leaders greeted freshmen in person at the two campuses and visited the students’ dorms to express their warm welcome.






To provide the newcomers a special and fresh experience to take photos and navigate around the campus, AR map, adopting augmented reality (AR) technology which integrates the real scene and virtual information with Beihang characteristics, helped them get familiar with the campus more quickly and acquire the university’s history, buildings and culture.


As for the students with financial difficulties, the university has provided “green channel” services for these students, allowing them to postpone paying tuition fees and offering free “caring package” containing bedclothes and living supplies.


A total number of 3,860 undergraduate students are admitted this year. The youngest freshman is only 14 years old, who will be a student of Shijia College of Beihang School.






Written by Kong Xiangming
Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao, Zhang Keli, Zhu Quan, Chen Jiaheng, Qin Yuhang and Li Yi
Reviewed by Deng Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:75
TITLE:Beihang Holds the 61st Sports Meeting for Teachers and Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3610.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds the 61st Sports Meeting for Teachers and Students
                

                    Release time：October 16, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


From October 13 to 14, Beihang University held the 61st Sports Meeting for teachers and students across three campuses: Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus in Beijing, and the international campus in Hangzhou. Among attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Deputy Party Secretary and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun, Zhang Hailan and Huang Haijun, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo, Vice President Lyu Weifeng, Deputy Party Secretary Yang Lijun, Vice President Zhao Weisheng, and heads of various departments and schools. The opening ceremony was hosted by Lyu Weifeng.


With the theme of "Carrying forward the spirit of serving the country in aerospace and being athletic Beihang people", the sports meeting was participated by both teachers and students. The number of direct participants was more than 8,800, while the total number of people participating in the entrance ceremony, exhibition and broadcast exercises was 15,000, all of which reached a record high.










Wang Yunpeng extended warm congratulations on the opening of the Sports Meeting, cordial greetings to all athletes and referees, and heartfelt thanks to the staff who carefully prepared for the meeting. He said that Beihang has always had an excellent sports tradition, always attached great importance to sports work, and regarded sports as an important link in personnel training and cultural construction. He hoped that teachers and students can enjoy the passion and joy brought by sports on the field, devote themselves to study and work with a more ambitious attitude and healthier body, and make greater contributions in their respective fields.

Zhao Changlu announced the official opening of the 61st Sports Meeting.

1,570 teachers and students jointly presented a wonderful sports art exhibition, showing the fruitful achievements of Beihang sports culture construction, and allowing the audience to appreciate the beauty of sports.












This sports meeting advocates co-education between teachers and students, and sets two competition schedules from October 13 to 14. The event plays a vital role in promoting the construction of Beihang sports culture, actively creating a vigorous and upward sports culture atmosphere, and gathering the spiritual strength of building a world-class university with Chinese characteristics.





















Written by: Ren He, Chen Yanxu
Photos by: Di Bailu, Song Chao, Gao Yiwen, Lian Yini, et al.
Reviewed by: Su Rui
Edited by: Jia Aiping, Yao Zipeng
Translated by: Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:76
TITLE:Beihang Student Awarded First Prize in National Final of 2019 “FLTRP·ETIC Cup” English Reading Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2224.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Student Awarded First Prize in National Final of 2019 “FLTRP·ETIC Cup” English Reading Contest
                

                    Release time：December 27, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang student Wang Zipeng won first prize in the National Final of the 2019 “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” English Reading Contest held at the FLTRP International Conference Centre, Beijing on Dec. 11.

In early November, four contestants from Beihang excelled in the Beijing Semi-final of the “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” English Reading and Writing Contests. Yan Qiaoyue from the School of Foreign Languages and Dang Yuqing from the School of Mathematical Sciences won first and third prizes respectively in the English Writing Contest; Zeng Yi from the School of Foreign Languages was awarded second prize in the English Reading Contest; Wang Zipeng from the School of Economics and Management won the grand prize in the English Reading Contest and advanced to the National Final.
Jointly sponsored by the Advisory Board on College Foreign Language Teaching under the Ministry of Education, the English Language Teaching Advisory Board under the Ministry of Education, and the Foreign Language Teaching and Research Press, the “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” English Writing and Reading Contests provide an important platform for undergraduate and graduate students to demonstrate their foreign language abilities, innovative thinking and cross-cultural communication skills.
 
 
Reported by Lei Hong
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:77
TITLE:China-Arab Online Training Session on BDS Navigation Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2172.htm
TEXT:
China-Arab Online Training Session on BDS Navigation Held
                

                    Release time：July 15, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


A short-term online training session was held from July 6 to 7 on the application of BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) to the global fight against COVID-19, introducing China’s experience to the epidemic-stricken world.
The session started simultaneously with the 9th ministerial meeting of the China-Arab States Cooperation Forum (CASCF), shortly after the launch of the last satellite belonging to the BeiDou-3 global satellite navigation system. Its organizers were the International Cooperation Center of China Satellite Navigation Office, BeiDou International Exchange and Training Center based at Beihang, China-Arab BDS/GNSS Center and the Regional Centerfor Space Science and Technology Education for Western Asia/United Nations.
Chaired by Weng Jingnong, Dean of International School, the opening ceremony of the training session included speeches delivered by Ran Zhengqi, Director of China Satellite Navigation Office, Mohamed Ben Amor, Secretary-General of Arab Information and Communication Technologies Organization (AICTO), and Awni Kasawneh, Director General of the Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education for Western Asia/United Nations.

The training was held in the forms of video conference and live streaming, attracting over 130 participants from 15 countries. Beihang attendees include people in charge of International School and relevant teachers from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering.

During the training session, five Chinese experts and three foreign experts focused on the application of BDS in the fight against COVID-19 and introduced China-Arab cooperation on satellite navigation, basics of satellite navigation systems and the current situation of BDS, BDS application in transportation, BDS products and applications as well as BDS high precision and enhancement technology. Their aims were to facilitate Arab and African users’ understanding, perception and use of BDS and other GNSS systems, promote the application of BDS in the Arab states and enable BDS to contribute to the local anti-epidemic fight. Representatives from Arab and African countries all showed a strong interest in the technology and application of BDS.
The training session was widely praised and gave a boost to the China-Arab Friendship Project of One Hundred, One Thousand and Ten Thousand Talents. It also enhanced China-Arab cooperation on BDS and served as a good communication platform for joint talent cultivation of professionals in satellite navigation technology with African and Arab states.
Based at Beihang University, the BeiDou International Exchange and Training Center of China Satellite Navigation Office was founded in 2012. It has grown into an important base for international exchanges, education and training concerning BDS. The center has cultivated nearly 80 master’s students and doctoral students and held 22 short-term training sessions on the topic of satellite navigation technology and application for over 900 participants from more than 40 countries, laying the talent foundation for the internationalization of BDS.
The Regional Centre for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific (China) (Affiliated to the United Nations) was founded in 2014 and based at Beihang University. It has cultivated 237 master’s students and doctoral students from 24 developing countries and held over 20 short-term training sessions for nearly 1,000 participants from 64 countries.
China-Arab BDS/GNSS Center was co-founded by China Satellite Navigation Office and AICTO in Tunisia in April 2018. It is aimed at powering the China-Arab Friendship Project of One Hundred, One Thousand and Ten Thousand Talents, cultivating professionals in satellite navigation technology with African and Arab states and promoting the application of BDS in countries along the Belt and Road. Until now, it has held three short-term training sessions for over 200 participants from 20 countries.
The Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education for Western Asia/United Nations was founded in 2012 and based at the Royal Jordanian Geographic Center. It has 14 Arab member states and intends to improve its members’ scientific and technological capabilities so as to enhance their social and economic development. Its training courses cover topics of satellite navigation, space-borne remote sensing, satellite communications, satellite meteorology, space science, etc.


Reported by Cui Yizhuo
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:78
TITLE:1st Short-Term Educational Training of China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center Held in Tunisia
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2539.htm
TEXT:
1st Short-Term Educational Training of China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center Held in Tunisia
                

                    Release time：May 9, 2018 / Li Siying
                


From April 11 to April 13, Beihang University held the 1st educational training of satellite navigation at the China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center in Tunisia. The workshop is committed to accelerating the flows of talents and thoughts along the Belt and Road, which was voiced by Chinese President Xi Jinping in a speech at Arab League headquarters in 2016.


Ran Chengqi, Director of Management Office of BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS), and Mohamed Ben Amor, Secretary-General of AICTO (Arab Information and Communication Technologies Organization), declared the opening of the training. Dean Jing Guifei of the School of BeiDou and Silk Road and Associate Professor Wu Falin of the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering of Beihang Univeristy participated in a series of activities, and co-organized the educational training with AICTO. During the event, eight experts from International Cooperation Center, Test and Assessment Research Center of China Satellite Navigation Office, BDS/GNSS Open Laboratory, China Mechanical Equipment Research Institute, Beihang University and Wuhan University respectively presented reports on the fundamental principles of satellite navigation systems and the development, performance and application of BeiDou and other GNSS systems for the Arabian and African guests. It is hoped that the African and Arabian users of BeiDou can get a better understanding of it so as to promote its application in the Arab world. 
The training program was highly rated. The participants showed great interests in BeiDou, and expressed the strong will to cooperate with Beihang University in the related projects. As a vital part of the events hosted by the center, the educational training was proposed to be held irregularly, and future plans about it were discussed by all parties of the program. It is expected that the learning program will be conducive to the smooth running of all cooperative projects between Arab and China. 
The inauguration ceremony of the China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center was held in Tunisia on April 10, 2018. The establishment of the center is an important move to implement the initiative proposed by President Xi Jinping to land BeiDou in the Arab world. It is also the first overseas center of China's indigenous BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) that serves to accelerate its worldwide application. 
                                                                                          
Reported by Jin Tian
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:79
TITLE:Beihang University, Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology Sign Cooperation Agreement
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2330.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University, Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology Sign Cooperation Agreement
                

                    Release time：May 23, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang University and Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MIPT) signed a university-level cooperation agreement recently. According to the agreement, with a validity period of five years, the two universities will carry out teaching and research cooperation in such areas as joint graduate training programs and collaborative research.

Founded in 1951, MIPT is one of the most prestigious universities in Russia, as well as a university listed in Project 5-100 (Russian Academic Excellence Project). For its specific subject discipline, Physics and Computer Science placed 1st and 2nd in Russia, and 48th and 67th in the world respectively, according to the most recent Times Higher Education World Reputation Rankings. The university has more than 7,100 students and nearly 2,900 teaching and research staff, with 10 of its alumni and teachers being recipients of the Nobel Prize. Since 2015, a total of 24 students from both universities have participated in the exchange program.

Reported by Wang Lingpei
Photographed by Shi Yaoxin
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:80
TITLE:Beihang Former President Li Wei Honored with 2017 Annual Scientific Chinese Outstanding President Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2505.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Former President Li Wei Honored with 2017 Annual Scientific Chinese Outstanding President Award
                

                    Release time：July 10, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Academician Li Wei, Former President of Beihang University, was awarded the 2017 Annual Scientific Chinese Outstanding President Award which was unveiled in Beijing recently.


The Annual Outstanding Personality Awards, launched by the Scientific Chinese magazine in 2002, have been presented to many outstanding scientists, education administrators and education entrepreneurs including Yuan Longping, Yang Zhengning, Gu Binglin, Shi Changxu, Tu Youyou, etc. Among the awards, the Annual Scientific Chinese Outstanding President Award is granted to only one person each year.


Li Wei served as the president of Beihang University from 2002 to 2009. To promote the transformation of higher education from elite education to popular education in China, he innovatively planned the reform and development of the university, actively explored the effective ways of comprehensively improving the quality of education in a university of science and engineering, and strived to promote Beihang university to become an internationally well-known research university, laying good foundation for Beihang’s sustained and rapid development in the next decades.


Li Wei dedicated himself to the academic research to better serve the country and the university. As a computer scientist, he became the director of State Key Laboratory of Software Development Environment, one of the national key laboratories of the first batch built in Beihang, and the youngest member of the Academic Degrees Committee of the State Council when he returned to China after receiving his PhD degree from University of Edinburgh. In his early research on concurrent programming languages (CPL), Prof. Li introduced structural operational semantics about synchronization, communication, and exception handling for Ada and other practical CPL and established the theory of correctness for translation between different CPL, which pioneered the comparative study of CPL. He has been working on the formalization of processes of scientific discovery for more than a decade and established a formal system, called R-calculus, which can automatically revise scientific theories or knowledge bases in an optimized way when conclusions predicted by the theories or bases are refuted by facts of experiments and observations. He has also developed the theory of limits for version sequences of knowledge bases and proposed the formalism of proschemes to describe and control the evolution of scientific theories or knowledge bases.
Li Wei also devoted himself to accomplishing his own duties to build a first-class university. In the beginning of his administration as President of Beihang in 2002, based on the analysis of China's economic and social characteristics and the development law of higher education, he proposed that “first-class universities should make historic contributions”, and the way to achieve this goal was “to meet the country's strategic needs”. He also focused on talent cultivation and adjusted the training objectives to “cultivate innovative leaders for China's strategic emerging industries”. During his seven years of administration, Beihang’s eight disciplines were elected as national key first-level disciplines, listing 7th among universities in China; In terms of research projects and funding, Beihang ranked among the top 10 universities and its per capita research funding ranked among the top 3 universities in China; Beihang’s state key laboratories were also developed from 3 to 6, and 28 provincial and ministerial laboratories were also established. During 2004 to 2010, Beihang was awarded 3 First Prizes of National Science & Technology Progress Award, 4 First Prizes of National Invention Award, 32 State Science and Technology Awards,  and also 182 provincial and ministerial level honors.
Li Wei emphasized undergraduate education, and he proposed that “undergraduate education was the foundation of university”. He personally guided the establishment of Honors College of Beihang Unversity (now renamed as ShenYuan Honors College of Beihang Unversity). According to the principle of “experiments before promotion”, he continuously accumulated experiences and gradually extended the undergraduate teaching reform measures to various colleges. Through years of efforts, Beihang improved steadily in undergraduate teaching quality, and the graduate employment rate kept above 98%. Besides, the proportion of undergraduates to graduate students increased from 28% in 2002 to 62% in 2011, and one out of every four undergraduate students in average won the national/provincial undergraduate contest award.
Li Wei was always committed to building Beihang into a modern comprehensive university characterized by aerospace and information. When he stepped down as president, Beihang had established another four science schools and six humanities and social sciences schools, and some relevant disciplines had become competitive. For him, however, this was only a start and there was still a long way to go.


  
Reported by Yu Min and Xu Yi
Edited by Yu Min and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:81
TITLE:Zhou Xili’s Special Concert Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3485.htm
TEXT:
Zhou Xili’s Special Concert Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：April 24, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On the evening of April 18, a special concert by Ms Zhou Xili of Beihang Aesthetic Education Centre was held at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall, attracting more than 800 students and teachers. Relevant leaders from the Publicity Department of the Party Committee, Human Resources Department, Student Centre, Labor Union, the School of New Media Art and Design, and the Aesthetic Education Centre attended the concert.


Zhou Xili, an associate professor of Beihang Aesthetic Education Centre and member of Beijing Musician’s Association, graduated from the Department of Vocal Opera of China Conservatory of Music. She won the third place in the 41st Bellini International Vocal Competition in Italy in 2012 and was awarded the honorary title of “New Top Ten Soprano Singers” by CCTV in 2014.
The concert opened with Exultant Waiting (in Chinese: Xin Xi De Deng Dai) from the opera Regret for the Past (in Chinese: Shang Shi), followed by various pieces in succession, including the local Chinese folk song Drive the Animals (in Chinese: Gan Sheng Ling), Jiaolian loves me and I love her (in Chinese: Jiao Lian Ai Wo Wo Ai Ta), and foreign vocal works such as Haï Luli and Vilja Lied. Ms Zhou Xili's heartfelt singing won the applause of the entire audience.


The concert also featured two classical works, A Tribute to Love (in Chinese: Ai De Zhi Yi) and Spring in Xinjiang (in Chinese: Xin Jiang Zhi Chun) by Yao Liang, principal of the first violin section of the China National Symphony Orchestra. Also, baritone singer Chen Tingxun, professor of the Department of Musical Theatre at the Cheonggang University of Culture and Industry, and ambassador of the Sino-Korean Cultural Arts Exchange Association, presented the aria Largo al factotum della città from the classic Italian opera Il barbiere di Siviglia. The concert ended with Zhou Xili and Chen Tingxun’s duet Love is the Only Thing Desired (in Chinese: Ai Shi Wei Yi Suo Qiu) and Let’s Walk Together (in Chinese: Rang Wo Men Xie Shou Tong Xing).


The audience was immersed in the art of vocal music. This concert, marking the first teacher’s special concert at the Centre, was an artistic feast brought to Beihang students and teachers. After the concert, students were eager to take photos with the teachers, exchange their thoughts, and express their respect.

This concert is an in-depth manifestation of Beihang’s efforts to build an aesthetic education system that integrates science and art and combines aesthetic education courses with practice. It is also the opening of a series of special cultural performances this year. More fascinating art lectures and concerts will follow, inviting students and teachers to experience the beauty of art.



Reported by Gao Rui
Reviewed by Wang Qun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:82
TITLE:Delegation from University of Seville Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2448.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from University of Seville Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 19, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


A delegation from the University of Seville, led by Rector Miguel Angel Castro, Vice-Rector ( International Affairs ) Carmen Vargas and Vice-Rector (Research) Julian Martinez, visited Beihang University on the morning of October 16. Beihang Vice-President Huang Haijun met the guests at the Fifth Conference Room of New Main Building, accompanied by representatives from the International Division, the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering and the International School.

Huang Haijun welcomed the delegates and gave a brief introduction to the history, teaching, research and internationalization of Beihang University. Castro thanked for the warm reception and illustrated the basic information of the University of Seville in terms of historical development, schools and majors, scientific research, talent cultivation and international cooperation. Later on, both sides fully exchanged views and finally reached consensus on many aspects concerning building university-level partnerships, facilitating personnel exchanges, and carrying out scientific research and talent cultivation.

Following the meeting, the delegates visited the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, and the two sides had an in-depth discussion on research cooperation and joint training of students.
This visit was fruitful in facilitating cooperation, building partnerships, and promoting future exchanges and joint training programs between the two universities.
Founded in 1551 and located in the city of Seville, the University of Seville is one of the top-ranked public universities in Spain, with a long history and rich cultural heritage. The university currently consists of 27 schools, and has over 70,000 teachers and students.
 
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:83
TITLE:Saint Petersburg State University of Aerospace Instrumentation Delegation Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2573.htm
TEXT:
Saint Petersburg State University of Aerospace Instrumentation Delegation Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 9, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


On September 24th, a delegation from Saint Petersburg State University of Aerospace Instrumentation (SUAI) visited Beihang University, and Mr. Jiwei Cheng, Vice Secretary of Beihang University, met the delegation at the Conference Center of New Main Building with great hospitality.
The delegation was led by Yulia A. Antokhina, Rector of SUAI, and also included Konstantin V. Losev, Vice-Rector for International Affairs, Victor M. Boer, Vice-Rector for Educational Work, Igor A. Pavlov, Vice-Rector for Administration and Control and the chief of the center for science and technology cooperation.

Mr. Cheng first extended his warm welcome to the delegation. According to him, the deep friendship and important partnership between SUAI and Beihang dated back to 1952, when Beihang was just founded and received support from SUAI. Cherishing this relationship, Beihang hoped that a new stage of in-depth cooperation in student and teacher exchanges and joint scientific research programs would begin with this visit.
Dr. Antokhina said it was her first visit to Beihang after taking office and praised the achievements Beihang has made in talent cultivation, scientific research and social services in its 65 years of development. She noted the solid foundation for cooperation in the two universities’ shared preponderant disciplines of aerospace and the active exchanges between the students in recent years. She also expected the materialization of cooperative items like joint summer school and bilateral seminar of aerospace as the extension of SUAI and Beihang’s friendship.
Jingnong Weng, Dean of International School, Dongsheng Wen, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and the School of General Engineering, Longfei Che, Vice Dean of the School of Energy and Power Engineering introduced respectively the enrollment and cultivation of international students, the efforts to serve the Belt and Road Initiative, such as the foundation of School of BeiDou and the Silk Road and the Regional Centre for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific (China) (affiliated to the United Nations), the disciplinary development in aerospace science and technology and the operation of the School of General Engineering.

After the meeting, the delegation visited the Lunar Palace 1 lab, where Prof. Hong Liu, its Chief Designer, gave an detailed introduction of the ongoing experiment in the sealed lab to the visitors.
Since its foundation in 1941, SUAI has cultivated a large number of excellent professionals for the aerospace industry of Russia, and currently has more than 13,500 students. As a major aerospace research and education center in Russia, it shows strengths in automatic aircraft control system, flight navigation system and the theories, design and manufacturing of measuring and computing systems.
SUAI and Beihang are both members of the Belt and Road Aerospace Innovation Alliance. At present, the two sides have signed agreements about university-level cooperation and student exchange, and sent 30 students to each other for the exchange and study program or the short-term exchange program.
 
Written by Lingpei Wang
Photo by Chao Song
Edited by Qing Wang
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:84
TITLE:Beihang Celebrates 36th Teachers' Day and Commends Teachers for Their Contributions
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2160.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Celebrates 36th Teachers' Day and Commends Teachers for Their Contributions
                

                    Release time：September 14, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


 Beihang held the ceremony for the 36th Teachers’ Day and the Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Awards 2020 on September 9. With a theme of “Cultivate First-Class Talents and Make First-Class Contributions”, the ceremony had over 500 participants from various branches of the university, who gathered to celebrate the festival and commend winners of the awards as well as teachers with a 30-year career and teachers who just retired this year.

The ceremony
The ceremony began with a video made for the Teachers’ Day. It showed the efforts made by generations of Beihang teachers to pass on the spirit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics to students in their prime, introducing their contributions to COVID-19 prevention and control, educational poverty elimination, developments of China’s aerospace industry, and technological advances in the country.
President Xu Huibin delivered an opening speech and congratulated the teachers on their achievements and honors. He thanked them for their devotion, sense of responsibility and fighting spirit and made a commitment that the university would keep improving services for teachers and assist them in their personal development.

President Xu delivered a speech



The winners of the Beihang Excellence Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation received the awards from Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee, and President Xu Huibin

The winners of the Beihang Distinction Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation received the awards from Vice President Huang Haijun and Vice President Wang Yunpeng

Representatives of teachers with a 30-year career received certificates and Zhongyang papercuts from Vice President Tao Zhi and Vice President Liu Shuchun

Representatives of teachers retiring this year received plaques from He Xinzhou, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection, and Vice Secretary Cheng Bo, and they were also presented with flowers by representatives of new teachers
On behalf of the Party Committee and the leadership of Beihang University, Secretary Cao sent her best regards and wishes to all Beihang educators and fully recognized their efforts. Based on the national strategies regarding education and scientific and technological innovations, she pointed out that Beihang should cultivate first-class talents, build a first-class team of teachers, make first-class contributions and accelerate Beihang’s development into a Double First-Class university to fulfill the essential task of moral achievement and talent cultivation. Beihangers should forge ahead together and facilitate the realization of the Two Centenary Goals and the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation.

Secretary Cao gave a summary speech
Teachers at the ceremony also watched a video recording the best wishes from the poverty alleviation team of teachers and students at Zhongyang County, Lyuliang City, Shanxi Province. In December 2015, the first poverty alleviation cadres from Beihang came to Zhongyang with the promise to work together with the local government to lift Zhongyang people out of poverty. For over four years, Beihangers carefully organized a series of targeted poverty alleviation activities, creating new hopes of a happy life for the local people.

Beihang’s poverty alleviation team of teachers and students sent their best wishes from Zhongyang
The Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Awards are the highest honor of talent cultivation at Beihang University, including Beihang Accomplishment Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation, Beihang Excellence Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation and Beihang Distinction Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation. The previous winners of Beihang Accomplishment Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation are Academician Gao Zhentong and Prof. Wen Chuanyuan. During the selection of winners of the awards this year, the average participation rate of teachers and students reached a record high of 94%.


 
Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu and Liu Hongsen
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:85
TITLE:Industry-Education Integration Research Center for Outstanding Engineer Training Unveiled at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3348.htm
TEXT:
Industry-Education Integration Research Center for Outstanding Engineer Training Unveiled at Beihang
                

                    Release time：July 29, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On the afternoon of July 25, the inaugural meeting of Beihang Industry-Education Integration Research Center for Outstanding Engineer Training (hereinafter referred to as the Center) was held in Ruxin Conference Center. Among the attendees were Tang Jiwei from the Department of Degree Management & Postgraduate Education of the Ministry of Education, Li Guanyu from the Department of Personnel and Education of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Wu Yansheng from China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC), Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Changlu, and Zhao Qinping, a member of Chinese Academy of Engineering and chief consultant of the Center, Wu Weiren, a member of Chinese Academy of Engineering and deputy chief consultant of the Center, and Beihang Deputy Secretaries of the Party Committee Zhao Gang and Cheng Bo, Beihang Vice President Lyu Weifeng, and relevant leaders from various departments and schools of Beihang University. The meeting was hosted by Lyu Weifeng.

Zhao Changlu extended gratitude and warm welcome to all the guests on behalf of Beihang University. He pointed out that training outstanding engineers is a major strategic decision made by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. President Xi Jinping has stated the core requirements and significance of training outstanding engineers when speaking at a central conference on talent-related work. As the first university specialized in aeronautics and astronautics in New China, Beihang has always taken serving the country as its highest pursuit, taken the responsibility of cultivating leading talent who were in urgent need in the field of engineering science and technology, and actively explored the way to train outstanding engineers independently. Therefore, with patriotism as primary principle, innovation capacity as the core attainment and practical skills as the fundamental requirement, Beihang’s way to train outstanding engineers is both special and useful. The university will continue to work closely with enterprises to promote the development of the Center and to jointly build an exemplar, aiming to make more contributions to construct the world talent hub.

In his speech, Tang Jiwei pointed out that we should consider both domestic and external situations, and that talent is the key to promoting China’s industrial transformation, building a manufacturing power, solving the bottleneck problems and achieving self-reliance and self-improvement in high-level science and technology. In regard to the university-enterprise joint training, he put forward three suggestions: take outstanding engineer training as a political task by trying the best to fulfill it; make great efforts to combine knowledge and practice together; summarize and study the situation and grasp an appropriate way. He hoped that the Center will promote the education of outstanding engineers and provide some experience in the university-enterprise cooperation model.

In his address, Li Guanyu said that the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) firmly believes that “talent is the prerequisite for industrial development”. MIIT has actively promoted the transformation in discipline layouts and talent cultivation and given full support to the integration of universities and enterprises. This time, Beihang has been a leading role. He also provided four suggestions: foster virtue through education; serve the major needs of the country; highlight the advantages of university-enterprise joint training; strengthen support in policy and resource.

Wu Yansheng noted that it is the common mission for universities and enterprises to cultivate engineering talent who were patriotic, devoted, innovative and skilled. Adhering to the original aspiration of serving the country, CASC endeavors to promote self-reliance, self-improvement and innovation in science and technology and to cultivate outstanding talent for the country. In future, it will further the cooperation with first-class universities such as Beihang and make more contributions in the aerospace field.

During the meeting, several representatives from different enterprises also delivered their speeches about the Center.

Prof. Zhao Weisheng introduced the preparations and objectives of the Center. Through the cooperation of Beihang University and leading enterprises, a platform will be built to encourage more interactions between industry and education, inspire more training plans and provide consultation services. More researches and exchanges will be conducted based on such a platform.
In addition, the Center hired a number of experts from the university and enterprises to better muster the wisdom and strengths. During the meeting, Zhao Changlu presented them with certificates.

Following that, Tang Jiwei, Li Guanyu, Wu Yansheng and Zhao Changlu unveiled the Center together.

Based on the Center, Beihang will advance its cooperation with enterprises, focus on the key fields and cultivate more outstanding talent, so as to serve the strategy on developing a quality workforce and build a country strong in science and technology.



Reported by Shi Cun
Photographed by Song Chao and Chen Mingyang
Reviewed by Zhao Weisheng
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:86
TITLE:2022 Spring Semester Begins as Scheduled at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3252.htm
TEXT:
2022 Spring Semester Begins as Scheduled at Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 1, 2022 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On February 28, the first day of the new semester, a total of 664 undergraduate courses and 289 postgraduate courses of Beihang University opened on time. 11,334 undergraduates and 5,347 postgraduates started their first class as scheduled.




At 7 o’clock sharp in the morning, the national flag-raising ceremony for 2022 spring semester was held simultaneously on the two campuses.



With the morning sunshine and familiar bell ring, teachers and students embark on a new journey with expectation for the new semester.








For students who can not return to school as scheduled due to the pandemic or Olympic volunteer activities, online exams and thesis proposal are arranged. Other measures like online teaching platform, one-to-one peer support are also taken to ensure that students who have not returned to school can catch up with their study and do not fall behind.










Beihang has taken the requirements of pandemic prevention and control and the university’s teaching and research work both into account, and students have returned to school in batches since February 21. Before students’ returning, the Logistics Department has carried out comprehensive disinfection of all open buildings, dormitories, canteens and other areas. Wish all the Beihangers can make greater achievements in the new semester!









Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Chen Jiaheng, Li Yi, Xu Chang, Zhang Keli, Zhang Xiuhui, Lin Rui, Gong Deyan, Xu Ruofei
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:87
TITLE:Beihang Students Win First Prize in 17th CASC Cup
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2862.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win First Prize in 17th CASC Cup
                

                    Release time：December 25, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


In the 17th CASC Cup Manfred Lachs Space Law Moot Court Competition of China Institute of Space Law, Hou Shuyang, Yue Yujia, and Yu Miaomiao, students from the School of Law, won the first prize. Cui Shuhan, Liu Yiwei, and Qi Xiao won a second prize. Besides, Cui Shuhan, Hou Shuyang, and Yu Miaomiao received the honor of Excellent Debater, and Gao Qi was awarded the prize of Best Instructor.

The Beihang team spent three months preparing for the competition, going through the steps of team member selection, writing pleadings, oral argument, and court defense. The teachers and students together solved problems at the cutting edge of space law, overcame the language barrier, revised English pleadings several times, and conducted several mock court sessions. They also received guidance from Gao Guozhu, Bo Shouxing, Xia Chunli, and Ji Guanhao, all teachers from the School of Law. The team was led by Zhang Zenan throughout the preparation and the competition, who shared relevant experience with the competitors.
The competition this year was held at the Beijing Institute of Technology from December 19 to 20. It attracted 20 teams from 13 universities, including Peking University, Beihang University, the Beijing Institute of Technology, the China University of Political Science and Law, Wuhan University, the East China University of Political Science and Law, the Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, Xiangtan University, etc.
Manfred Lachs Space Law Moot Court Competition (MLSLMCC) is an annual international moot court competition founded in 1992 by the International Institute of Space Law (IISL). It is one of the top three international moot court competitions for its unique tradition that the World Final of MLSLMCC is judged by three sitting members of the International Court of Justice.

Reported by Yu Miaomiao
Reviewed by Long Weiqiu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:88
TITLE:International Seminar on “Belt & Road” National Technology Projects Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2393.htm
TEXT:
International Seminar on “Belt & Road” National Technology Projects Held
                

                    Release time：January 14, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, an international seminar on national technology projects was held at Vision Hotel in Beihang. The seminar dealt with two projects entitled “China-ASEAN BeiDou Navigation Satellite System Application Workshop”, supported by the 2018 Asian Regional Cooperation Special Fund and “The Application of Satellite and UAV in Countries along Lancang-Mekong River For Environment Protection and Disaster Relief”, supported by the 2018 Lancang-Mekong Cooperation (LMC) Special Fund. The projects were launched by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China and undertaken by Beihang University. More than 40 representatives from China and Association of Southeast Asia Nations (ASEAN) member states, including Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore and Thailand, attended the meeting. Lasting for 4 days, the seminar was hosted by Prof. Ma Jinsheng from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, who was in charge of the two projects.

On the morning of December 16, a brief report on the two projects made by Prof. Ma marked the beginning of the meeting. Then, Dr. L.D. Yu from Chiang Mai University introduced the Lancang-Mekong area and leaders from middle and small-sized enterprises presented the development plan of Cambodia. Last, Prof. Lin from Nanyang Technological University talked about the latest development of satellites in Singapore. In the afternoon, attendees made a field trip to Miyun.
On the morning of December 17, Prof. Shi Chuang gave a speech on the application of BeiDou first, followed by other speakers from Malaysia, Laos and Brunei Darussalam. Then Prof.Zhang Guojun from Beijing Forestry University delivered a speech on the use of UAV to monitor plant diseases and insect pests. In the afternoon, all the guests were invited to visit the campus. They were shown around the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation and the Air and Space Museum in Beihang and went on a trip to the Twenty First Century Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd.
On the third day, Prof. Yang Dongkai from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering talked about the satellite and ocean remote sensing. Speakers from Myanmar, Indonesia and Philippines also discussed relevant topics.
On the last day, representatives had an extensive discussion on the use of BeiDou navigation satellite system and remote sensing image for emergency relief, transportation, environmental protection, agriculture and earthquake prediction and so on. Further cooperation and working schedules were also proposed at the meeting.
At the end of the meeting, Prof. Ma and Prof. Somchai Jomduang from Chiang Mai University awarded the certificates of attendance to all the representatives.

 
Reported by Pang Shuo
Photographed by Jing Li
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Ding Xilun
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:89
TITLE:Composition Honors Stars of China’s Space Industry
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2411.htm
TEXT:
Composition Honors Stars of China’s Space Industry
                

                    Release time：December 14, 2018 / Source: CHINA DAILY
                


BEIJING, December 13 (CHINA DAILY):
Starry Sky, a symphonic suite that eulogizes Beihang University’s contribution to China’s aerospace industry over the past six decades was staged at the university’s Chenxing Concert Hall on Dec 9.
Under the direction of senior conductor, Yu Hai, the suite comprises 12 songs, with asides concerning the history of the university, such as stories about how it was founded by aeronautical faculty and students from eight universities across the country in 1952 and how together, they designed and built China’s first unmanned aircraft system through dauntless and persistent effort in 1958.
Hu Xuyang, a student from the school of aeronautic science and engineering served as the lead vocalist in the suite, saying that it was an honor to be in the performance and uphold the spirit of the university.
Beihang, which was previously known as Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, has made a series of such artistic works as musicals and stage plays in recent years to carry forward the sheer tenacity and patriotism of these pioneers who dedicated themselves to the rise of the country’s space industry.
For instance, an original musical that tells the story of Luo Yang, general director of the J-15 fighter jet research team who, in 2012, died of cardiac arrest while working, was produced by Beihang last year. Luo, a graduate of the university, showed selfless devotion to his duty and is qualified to be regarded as “a hero of China’s space industry”.
  
Edited by Jia Aiping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:90
TITLE:Aero-engine System Collaborative Design Center Unveiled
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3031.htm
TEXT:
Aero-engine System Collaborative Design Center Unveiled
                

                    Release time：March 24, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


On March 19, the council of Beihang-AECC Research Institute of Aero-Engine and International School of Aero-Engine (hereinafter referred to as “the institute and the school”) held a conference on the Shahe Campus of Beihang University. The council members listened to reports on the construction of the institute and the school, and unfolded a discussion about the deep integration of university-enterprise production, education, research and application.

Among attendees were Cao Jianguo, Head of the council and Chairman of the Aero Engine Cooperation of China (AECC); Cao Shumin, Head of the council and Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University; Li Fangyong, Deputy Head of the council and President of AECC; Xu Huibin, Deputy Head of the council and President of Beihang University; Li Hongxin, Deputy Head of the council and Vice President of AECC; Tao Zhi, Deputy Head of the council and Vice President of Beihang University; as well as four academicians including Xiang Qiao, Yin Zeyong, Liu Daxiang and Chen Maozhang. The conference was chaired by Xu Huibin.

At the conference, Cao Jianguo and Cao Shumin jointly unveiled the Aero-engine System Collaborative Design Center.



In her address, Cao Shumin recognized the outstanding achievements made by the institute and the school and expected them to unceasingly play a leading role in completing basic research projects with high quality, accelerate the application and transformation of innovative achievements, and make contributions to improving the independent innovation capability of aero-engine industry.

Cao Jianguo highlighted the role of the institute and the school as a leader of university-enterprise collaborative innovation in light of the well-organized structure, working ideas and development prospects. He hoped that they could further leverage the advantages of collaborative innovation platforms, constantly enrich the content and carrier of talent cultivation and scientific research to provide an inexhaustible source in the field of aero-engine.


Tao Zhi briefed on the achievements of the institute and the school from five aspects: collaborative innovation, team building, scientific and technological innovation, talent cultivation and Party building. He also provided a report on the key work of the institute and the school in 2021. The participating academicians and leaders carried out a heated discussion about the construction and independent innovation of China’s aero-engine.
Launched in 2020 by Beihang University, the Aero-engine System Collaborative Design Center provides a platform for large-scale engine collaborative research. By introducing the innovation mechanism based on university-enterprise collaboration, university-university collaboration, school-school collaboration and interdisciplinary collaboration, the center is devoted to cultivating potential engine talents, exploring the research and development system of future aero-engines and the management system based on complex system collaborative design platform, and promoting disciplinary integration and technological innovation.




Reported by Wang Qing and Zheng Fei
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:91
TITLE:Team of Prof. Luo Sida Makes Progress in Graphene Based Nanotechnology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2481.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Luo Sida Makes Progress in Graphene Based Nanotechnology
                

                    Release time：August 27, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, two researches titled Laser-Induced Freestanding Graphene Papers: A New Route of Scalable Fabrication with Tunable Morphologies and Properties for Multifunctional Devices and Structures by Wang Yanan, a doctoral student enrolled in 2017 and Hybrid Spray-coating, Laser-scribing and Ink-dispensing of Graphene Sensors/Arrays with Tunable Piezoresistivity for in situ Monitoring of Composites by Wang Yong, a postgraduate enrolled in 2016 were published in Small and Carbon respectively, under the guidance of Prof. Luo Sida who is the corresponding author of the two articles.

Fig.1 Concept, preparation, demonstration, and microstructures of LIGP
As an important architecture of 2D layered carbon, Graphene Paper (GP) has a variety of intriguing properties, including self-supportiveness, robustness, lightweight and high porosity, as well as excellent electrical and thermal conductivity. Therefore it can be applied in a wide range of fields, for instance, flexible electronics, intelligent structure, biomedicine. The traditional productions of GP majorly rely on solution-phase assembly, whose high cost, intricate technology and inefficient production limit its preparation and application in a large scale. To solve the above issues, the team used laser-induced graphene (LIG) technology to produce freestanding large-dimension GP through laser-induced graphene (LIG) for the first time, with polyimide (PI) paper as carbon source and CO2 as laser source.
According to the research, the unique spatial arrangement of PI paper is fiber network with free spaces, which is critical for high-efficient absorption of photothermal energy, formation of graphitized structure without intense shape distortion, and the continuous large-dimension production of GP. As is shown in Fig.1, the size of laser-induced graphene paper (LIGP) is up to 14000 cm2, which to our knowledge is among the largest GPs fabricated in lab. Additionally, considering the flexibility and robustness of GP, all kinds of complex structures can be realized by laser manufacturing for a second time, and it can also be further integrated and manufactured with resin, silica gel, composite materials and other advanced industrial materials.
Processing-structure-property relationship has been systematically studied to advice people the preparation of LIGP with tunable mechanical, electrical, piezoresistive, joule-heating, supercapacitive, and hydrophobic characteristics, which are advantageous for assembling multifunctional devices and structures in Fig.2 (e.g., human/robotic motion capture, liquid sensing, water–oil separation, anti-bacterium, and fire retardant/deicing, self-sensing, low-energy advanced aeronautical polymer matrix composites). The paper demonstrated a new fabrication of freestanding GPs applied by LIG technology as well as its possibility for cost-efficient and large-scale preparation, tunable structures and properties, and multifunctional appliances, which may expedite its commercialization, roll-to-roll manufacturing in the future.

Fig.2 Tunable structures and properities, and multifunctional appliances of laser-induced GPs
Prof. Luo Sida mainly engages in research on micro-/nano-structured sensors, flexible materials, smart structures and devices, composites and so on. In recent years, his researches have been published in Advanced Materials, Advanced Functional Materials, Small, ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces, Carbon, Composite Structures, etc.
The papers are available at https://doi.org/10.1002/smll.201802350, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.carbon.2018.07.014
 
Reported by Wen Lifang
Edited by Wen Zhiming
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:92
TITLE:Prof. Tang Ling’s Group Publishes Article in Nature Energy
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2267.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Tang Ling’s Group Publishes Article in Nature Energy
                

                    Release time：October 17, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


On October 7, Nature Energy published an article titled “Substantial emission reductions from Chinese power plants after the introduction of ultra-low emission standards” by Prof. Tang Ling from the School of Economics and Management of Beihang University, PhD Student Xue Xiaoda and other collaborators. The study found that Chinese coal-fired power plants have reached ultra-low emission standards in advance, which conveys China’s confidence and determination in reducing emissions to the world. Furthermore, their efforts also provide more data analysis and technological support for China to further reduce power emissions in the near future.

China has launched the largest-scale fight against haze with the greatest determination in recent years. On September 1, 2014, it introduced an ultra-low emissions (ULE) standards policy for renovating coal-fired power generating units, a key pollution source. The ULE standards policy proposed even tougher emission standards which surpassed those of all other countries and were equivalent to the standards of natural-gas-fired units. Furthermore, the policy set a high-level goal, requiring that 580 million kilowatt (KW) installed capacity of existing units (accounting for 71% of the total coal-power capacity in 2014) meet the ULE standards by 2020.
By analyzing the data from continuous emissions monitoring systems (CEMS), researchers constructed a brand-new set of emission inventory models and developed a high-resolution emissions database of Chinese power plants, effectively overcoming the disadvantages of more parameters and uncertainties of traditional ways. Chinese coal-fired plants have achieved the renovation goal of ultra-low emission (ULE) standards in advance with the emission concentrations of SO2, NOx and particulate matter (PM) dropping by 65%, 60% and 72% respectively. Such success comes from China’s strict emission supervision system and effective economic incentive mechanism as well as the nation-wide application and upgrading of ultra-low emission (ULE) technology.
Based on the cooperation between teams from China and Britain, the research was made by Prof. Tang Ling and researchers from Beijing University of Chemical Technology, University of Cambridge, Xi'an Jiaotong University, China National Environment Monitoring Centre and Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
The research article is available at: 
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41560-019-0468-1


Reported by Lin Yaohu
Reviewed by Fan Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:93
TITLE:The 29th Joint Management Committee Meeting of Sino-French Engineer School Convened at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3501.htm
TEXT:
The 29th Joint Management Committee Meeting of Sino-French Engineer School Convened at Beihang
                

                    Release time：May 9, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


The 29th Joint Management Committee Meeting of Sino-French Engineer School was convened at Beihang University recently.
Academician Wang Yunpeng, Chairman of the Joint Management Committee and President of Beihang University, attended and presided over the meeting. Professor Romain SOUBEYRAN, Vice Chairman of the Committee, Chairman of the Groupe des Ecoles Centrales and President of Centrale Supélec, Academician Gérard CREUZET of the French Academy of Engineering, and Professor Gilles FLEURY, General Representative of the Groupe des Ecoles Centrales, attended the meeting. 
Hong Guanxin, Chinese Director of Sino-French Engineer School, Frédéric GENTY, French Director of the School, and other heads of the school introduced to the Committee the work of the school during the 2022-2023 academic year, including student employment, school enrollment, student exchangeprograms, foreign teacher recruitment, school-enterprise cooperation, progress of the Hangzhou Project and important activities of the school.
In his address, President Wang Yunpeng said that Beihang University and Groupe des Ecoles Centrales have always attached great importance to the development of Sino-French Engineer School. He hoped that both sides could seize the opportunity to deepen cooperation in education, science and technology, and carry out cooperation in training high-level talents, especially those outstanding international engineers. He proposed that all the members of the Committee create an international alliance of industry and education to jointly train outstanding international engineers.

Romain SOUBEYRAN noted that the school has attained satisfactory results this year. Groupe des Ecoles Centrales supports the development of the Sino-French Engineer School in Hangzhou and is willing to carry out in-depth cooperation with Beihang University.

Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, Zhao Weisheng, President Assistant and Executive Vice President of the Graduate School, Marc DAUMAS, the Higher Education, Research and Innovation Counselor at the French Embassy in China, Xiao Youjiang, Vice Director of COMAC Beijing Civil Aircraft Technology Research Center, Rémi PAUL, General Representative and General Manager of Safran China, and relevant heads of International Division and Sino-French Engineer School also attended the meeting.

After the meeting, representatives of Groupe des Ecoles Centrales went to Hangzhou to inspect the work and exchanged ideas with relevant officials from Education Department of Zhejiang Province, Education Bureau of Hangzhou and the government of Yuhang District.



Reported by En Weiwei
Reviewed by Zhang Jiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:94
TITLE:First Summer Camp of APSCO Student Small Satellite Project Starts at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2580.htm
TEXT:
First Summer Camp of APSCO Student Small Satellite Project Starts at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 13, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


Sponsored by Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization (APSCO) and held by Beihang University, the first Summer Camp of the APSCO Student Small Satellite (SSS) Project began on August 14th, 2017. More than 60 people attended the opening ceremony, including representatives from China National Space Administration, APSCO, Astronautic Spacesat Co., Ltd, Long March School of China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Beihang University and member states.
Among the speakers, Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, expressed his warmest welcome to all the representatives on behalf of Beihang and briefed them on Beihang’s basic information as well as the purpose of the summer camp. He also thanked the superiors, partners and colleagues who has been actively contributing to the project.
Weng Jingnong, Dean of International School, introduced the design of project’s logo and the website and WeChat official account of APSCO-SSS, which will provide the member states with more efficient and convenient platforms for communication and cooperation in launching projects and cultivating talents. Prof. Huang Hai in the School of Astronautics detailed the background and progress of the SSS Project, the research foundation Beihang has and the summer camp’s schedule and curriculum.
Mohammad Ebrahimi Seyedabadi, Director General of Department of Education and Training and Database Management of APSCO, gave a detailed introduction of the mission, management structure and duties of the member states, and expressed his gratitude to the member states for their participation and efforts.

APSCO launched the SSS Project in December, 2016. It intends to provide a platform for students and teachers of APSCO member states to learn space technologies and work on satellite engineering by designing, developing and carrying out on-orbit experiments of small satellites, contributing to the space education of the member states. Among the most critical and unique aspects of the project are training and education, of which the summer camp is an important activity. The first summer camp will end on September 2nd, 2017.
Posted by Yishuo Cui
Edited and Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:95
TITLE:The 14th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3542.htm
TEXT:
The 14th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
                

                    Release time：June 28, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


From June 17 to 20, 2023, Beihang University held the 14th Vision Forum for International Young Scholars. This year’s forum attracted more than 80 young scholars from MIT, Oxford, Cambridge, Stanford, Yale and other top universities in the world to participate on site, and more than 400 young scholars were invited to attend the conference online.
The opening ceremony and the main forum were held on the morning of June 18 at the Vision International Cultural Exchange Center in Shahe Campus. Beihang Vice President Lyu Weifeng, and the heads of relevant departments including the Graduate School, the Institute of Science and Technology, the Department of Human Resources, the Department of Planning and Finance, and the heads of various colleges and institutes participated in the event. Tao Fei, Executive Vice President of the International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science and Deputy Director of the Office of Talent Work, presided over the opening ceremony and the main forum.

Lyu Weifeng reviewed the achievements of Beihang over the past 70 years in cultivating first-class talent and building pillars of a great power, in the light of the major deployment policies regarding education, science and technology, and talent in the report of the 20th National Party Congress. He introduced the development of Beihang in recent years in the fields of discipline construction, scientific and technological innovation, platform construction, talent introduction and cultivation, and detailed the new platform, new policies, new guarantees and new initiatives of the university’s talent work. He pointed out that the constant stream of overseas scholars returning to China to join the university is an important resource for the vigorous development of Beihang in multiple periods. At present, the progress of the country and the “double first-class” construction of the university have met important strategic opportunities, and Beihang will always adhere to the concept that “talent is the first resource” , strive to attract first-class talent, and accelerate the construction of a world-class university with Chinese characteristics. Beihang sincerely invites young scholars from home and abroad to join the university and make a career.

Wu Jianghao, Vice President of Graduate School and Director of Graduate Training Division, read out the list of winners of the best presentations of the 13th Vision Forum and encouraged the winners to make more and greater contributions in their respective fields, and also looked forward to meeting with all the young scholars in Beihang and working together for the innovative development of the national aerospace industry.
At the main forum, Hong Guanxin, President of the Sino-French Aviation Institute, Tao Fei, Executive Vice President of the International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science, Pan Chong, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, gave their reports respectively. They introduced talent-related policies and expressed their expectations of meeting with young scholars at Beihang to grasp the pulse of the times and make innovative breakthroughs. Pan Caofeng from the Beijing Institute of Nanoenergy and Nanosystems CAS, gave a presentation entitled “Low-dimensional semiconductor material devices and robotic haptic construction”, which introduced in detail the research progress and key scientific issues in related fields and played a crucial part in guiding young scholars to carry out scientific research.

During the discussion session, Prof. Wu Jianghao, Prof. Tian Daxin, Prof. Wu Ruilin and Prof. Xu Mai presented the university’s support system and policies in discipline construction, research platform building, and human resources introduction, shared their valuable experience and insights on employment choice and personal development, and answered questions from the participants.

The 14th Vision Forum has set up 27 sub-forums in various disciplines, which will be held by each school/institute from June 18, 2023 to early July 2023.



Since it was first held in 2016, the Beihang Vision Forum for International Young Scholars has become an important window and platform for overseas talent introduction, and a shining advertising card for the university to tell its story and publicize itself to the outside world. It has been successfully held for 14 sessions so far, and more than 4,000 young scholars from many world-class universities have been invited to attend, among which more than 240 young scholars have become part of the Beihang talent team, and more than 80 have been selected for the National Overseas High-Level Talent Introduction Programme.



Reported by Yang Mu and Zhang Xiaolei
Reviewed by Zhang Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:96
TITLE:Beihang Wins Highest Honor in 11th Capital “Challenge Cup”
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3092.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins Highest Honor in 11th Capital “Challenge Cup”
                

                    Release time：May 26, 2021 / 
                


On May 20, the 11th Capital “Challenge Cup” College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Works Competition came to an end. A number of prizes went to Beihang University, including 15 special prizes, 17 first prizes, 21 second prizes, and 35 third prizes. With 8 special prizes, 4 first prizes, and 3 second prizes nabbed in the Main Event, Beihang University was honored with the Capital Challenge Cup, the highest honor of this competition.

Beihang’s total team score and number of special awards ranked first among all the participating universities, and the university has set a record in its total team score. Beihang has topped the high-level competition for three years in a roll, following the 2019 Capital “Challenge Cup” College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Works Competition and the 2020 Capital “Challenge Cup” College Student Entrepreneurship Plan Competition.

On the morning of May 20, the “Challenge Cup” excellent works exhibition was held in the gymnasium of Beijing University of Science and Technology. Zhang Yankun, Deputy Secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee, Li Junhui, Secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League, and Yu Jun, Party Secretary of Haidian District, visited Beihang’s booth and listened to reports on relevant projects, and fully affirmed the novelty and training mechanism of students’ science and technology projects.
The competition was sponsored by Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League, Beijing Municipal Education Commission, Beijing Association for Science and Technology, and Beijing Students' Federation, and was held by Beijing University of Science and Technology. It aims to guide students to focus on solving key problems and developing core technologies, and encourage them to cultivate a scientific spirit and attitude so as to better participate in innovation-driven development strategy.
Beihang will select 6 works from the winning entries to participate in the finals of the 17th “Challenge Cup” National College Students Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Works Competition to be held in Sichuan University in November.


Reported by Jia Huanting
Photographed by Tang Zewen
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:97
TITLE:Deputy Secretary-General of the CPPCC National Committee Guo Jun Visits Beihang to Study Informatization Construction
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2502.htm
TEXT:
Deputy Secretary-General of the CPPCC National Committee Guo Jun Visits Beihang to Study Informatization Construction
                

                    Release time：July 13, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of July 11th, a delegation led by Guo Jun, Deputy Secretary-General of the CPPCC National Committee visited Beihang to conduct research on informatization construction. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, Vice President Tao Zhi, as well as leaders from Office of Party and Government Affairs, Information Office, School of Computer Science and Engineering and School of Law attended the event.

Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin extended her warm welcome to the delegation and introduced the recent development and discipline construction of Beihang University. Deputy Secretary-General Guo Jun briefed on the current situation and development ideas of the CPPCC, and also pointed out the difficulties and sky points of CPPCC's informatization construction from aspects of openness and sharing of information, management services, interconnection and interaction of committee members, etc.
Attendees successively introduced the general information of informatization construction from different perspectives like the special applications and future vision, framework structure and practical application of the Big Data and Smart Party Building Platform, exploration and development of E-Government, and suggestions on the informatization construction of the CPPCC. Cao Shumin noted that Beihang would give full support for the informatization construction of the CPPCC.
Following the meeting, the delegation toured the State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems and Beijing Air and Space Museum at Beihang University.
 
Reported by Xian Ning
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:98
TITLE:Sino-French Engineer School "Enterprise Open Day" Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3211.htm
TEXT:
Sino-French Engineer School "Enterprise Open Day" Held
                

                    Release time：December 10, 2021 / Liang Xiaochun
                


On December 4, the 14th "Enterprise Open Day" of Sino-French Engineer School was held in No. 2 Building of Xueyuan Road Campus. 26 well-known domestic and foreign enterprises, including AVIC International Holding Corporation, China Electronics Technology Group Corporation (CETC), Huawei, SAFRAN, Airbus, etc., participated in the event. Closely communicating with the students, representatives of these enterprises publicized their corporate philosophy, and provided future employment and internship opportunities for students.

This year's "Enterprise Open Day" is open to all students from Beihang University. In addition to the students from Sino-French Engineering School, students from other schools of Beihang University also actively took part in the event to have an in-depth understanding of various enterprises, as well as to seek ideal positions.
After more than ten years, the "Enterprise Open Day" has become a brand activity provided by Sino-French Engineering School to serve all students from Beihang University. In a warm atmosphere, students put forward their confusion in choosing career and internship to the business representatives, and the business representatives provided the students with the latest business information and professional career guidance.






Reported by Yu Lei
Reviewed by Zhang Jiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:99
TITLE:Beihang Teachers and Students Invited to Attend 4th Global Grand Challenges Summit
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2274.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teachers and Students Invited to Attend 4th Global Grand Challenges Summit
                

                    Release time：September 29, 2019 / Ma Yaping
                


Organized by the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE), the Royal Academy of Engineering (RAE) and the US National Academy of Engineering (NAE)，the 4th Global Grand Challenges Summit (GGCS) was held in London, England from September 12 to 18, 2019. With the support of Youth League Committee and International Division of Beihang University, a team consisiting of Li Tianhao, Liu Xianzhong and Han Shaohang from the School of General Engineering was invited to attent the Summit, together with other teams from 19 Chinese universities, including Tongji University, Wuhan University, Central South University, Chongqing University, etc.

With the theme of "Engineering in an Unpredictable World" and focusing on 14 major engineering and technological challenges facing mankind in the 21st century, the 2019 Summit aims at inspiring the young generation to devote to the engineering science and technology and meet global major challenges through engineering methods.
The student competition is one of GGCS highlights. 300 undergraduates from China, the United States and the United Kingdom gathered together in London to launch an on-site competition of technology innovation and business plan creation on September 13-16, aiming to solicit creative project ideas and develop innovative tools to address global challenges through cross-cultural and interdisciplinary collaboration. All teams were re-established on the spot and each team was mixed with students from the three countries. The new team collaborated and drew on each other’s strengths and fut forward solutions to major challenges on site in the limited time.
On the last day of the competion, project plans of various mixed teams were presented and reviewed by the judges at the exhibition. The project "algea warriors", guided by Zhao Qiudi, the lead teacher of Beihang, stood out among 50 team projects and was selected for Top 10. Moreover, the projects of the other three students' teams also received high praise and appreciation from the Chinese and foreign judges, including Academician Deng Zhonghan and Academician Duan Baoyan.

On September 17 and 18, Beihang team participated in the 4th GGCS, together with more than 900 representatives from global industries, institutes and universities in the filed of Science and Engineering. Besides, over 20 academicians, experts and representatives in the business circle from China, the United States and the United Kingdom made reports on the conference and had a lively interaction with the participants. Princess Anne, the daughter of Queen Elizabeth Ⅱ, gave a welcome speech at the opening ceremony of the Summit and warmly received the student representatives. She said that, with the unremitting efforts of people from all walks of life, the world will become even better.
The field reports covered such topics as "the role of engineering projects in an unpredictable world", "the meaning of artificial intelligence for our work and life", "what kind of digital technology is in line with our ethical values", "how innovation practices change our world", "how engineering technology can reduce the risks of climate change" and "how can we build a world that is able to feed 10 billion people in the future".
During the Summit, the teachers and students of Beihang actively communicated with the attendees and fully displayed themselves on this important international stage of scientific and technological innovation. It shows that Beihang, together with other universities all over the word, actively responds to global challenges and takes its responsibilities for common development.
The Summit is of far-reaching significance to broaden students' international vision, deepen their understanding of "a community with a shared future for mankind”, promote their innovative consciousness and competence, and guide students to become world-class leaders who can devote themselves to building a great modern socialist country and respond to major global challenges in the future.
As an "International Model School", the School of General Engineering will continuously strive to build itself as a demonstrative base for the cultivation of first-class general engineering talents and foster international engineering leaders with global vision, well-rounded and specific knowledge, and systematic innovation capabilities.

Being held every two years, the GGCS was previously convened in London, Beijing and Washington in 2013, 2015 and 2017, respectively. The 5th GGCS will be held in China in 2021.
 
 
Reported by Zhao Qiudi
Photographed by Li Tianhao
Reviewed by Wen Dongsheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ma Yaping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:100
TITLE:Ant Colony Algorithm Founder Marco Dorigo Gives Academic Report at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2455.htm
TEXT:
Ant Colony Algorithm Founder Marco Dorigo Gives Academic Report at Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 11, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On October 9th, Professor Marco Dorigo from the Université Libre de Bruxelles visited the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering and made an academic report entitled “Swarm intelligence research at IRIDIA AI lab”, at the invitation of Professor Duan Haibin of Beihang University. 


In the report, Professor Dorigo gave a detailed introduction on the concept and principle of swarm intelligence as well as its application in swarm robots in simple terms. He illustrated the Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm, which is a probabilistic technique for solving computational problems coming from the illumination of food-seeking behavior by ants, and expounded the the latest research progress of swarm intelligent robots in realizing complex cooperative tasks. He also reviewed the latest research on swarm intelligence achieved by the IRIDIA AI lab, which is the artificial intelligence lab of the Université Libre de Bruxelles.


Marco Dorigo is the inventor of the Ant Colony Optimization metaheuristic and one of the founders of the swarm intelligence research field. He is a fellow of IEEE, AAAI and ECAI, and works as the director of the IRIDIA lab. He is also the founding editor and editor in chief of Swarm Intelligence, and the associate editor of IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation, ACM Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems and IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics. His main research interests are in the areas of swarm intelligence and swarm robots, and over 130 papers in related fields have been published in top international journals such as Nature and Nature Communications.
For these contributions, in 2003 he was awarded the Marie Curie Research Excellence Award; in 2005, he was presented the Dr A. De Leeuw-Damry-Bourlart award in Applied Sciences; in 2007 he received the Cajastur International Prize for Soft Computing; in 2010 he was received an ERC Advanced Grant; and in 2015 he received the IEEE Frank Rosenblatt Award. 
  
Reported by Huo Mengzhen
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:101
TITLE:Prof. Li Daqing’s Team Makes Significant Breakthrough in the Field of Traffic Congestion Modes
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2390.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Li Daqing’s Team Makes Significant Breakthrough in the Field of Traffic Congestion Modes
                

                    Release time：January 18, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


Traffic congestion has become an urban phenomenon which impedes urbanization in China. Its main cause is the imbalance between the demand and supply of temporal and spatial resource, i.e., the imbalance between the dramatically growing short-term traffic demand and the slowly improving traffic supply.
Team of Li Daqing from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering of Beihang University and team of Gao Ziyou from Beijing Jiaotong University published their joint research results, titled “Switch between Critical Percolation Modes in City Traffic Dynamics”, in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America on 27th Dec, 2018, suggesting that two modes of different critical percolation behaviors are switching in the same network topology under different traffic dynamics. The research was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant Nos.71621001 and 71822101) and others.

Based on real-time high-resolution GPS data in Beijing and Shenzhen, the results indicate two distinct modes characterized by different percolation critical exponents. The mode during rush hours on working days behaves like a 2D lattice with mainly short-range links, while the mode for other instants behaves like a small world (i.e., a lattice with long-range links). The difference between these two modes is explained here by the free flow on urban highways during nonrush hours, which is like adding long-range links in a 2D lattice. In contrast, during rush hours, such links almost disappear. Generally, a network is linked to one percolation model, but by analyzing the cluster size distribution of city traffic, they found that the disintegration transition of urban traffic can be characterized by two sets of percolation critical exponents. They also found that with the aid of dynamic traffic management methods, it may be possible to shift the system to the desired critical universality class by adjusting the amount of effective long-range connections.
The first author of the article is Zeng Guanwen, a Ph.D. student of the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering. Guo Shengmin, a Ph.D. student of the School of Computer Science and Engineering, also contributed significantly to the paper. In recent years, Li Daqing's team has made continuous breakthroughs on the condensation of the basic issues of "traffic reliability" and excavating the space-time transmission rule of traffic congestion. Related researches were published in PNAS (2015, 2018) and Nature Communications (2016).
For more information of the research:
https://www.pnas.org/content/116/1/23
 
Reported by Luo Longfei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Bai Zhaoyu
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:102
TITLE:Beihang Supercomputer Team Wins First Prize and Application Innovation Award in ASC20-21 Finals
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3091.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Supercomputer Team Wins First Prize and Application Innovation Award in ASC20-21 Finals
                

                    Release time：May 26, 2021 / Li Xueru
                


Beihang University Supercomputer Team won the First Prize and Application Innovation Award in the just-concluded finals of the 2020-2021 ASC Student Supercomputer Challenge (ASC20-21) held at Southern University of Science and Technology on May 12.


Led by Yang Hailong, an associate professor from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the team consists of seven undergraduates, including Liu Quqi (leader), Hao Jiwei, Feng Tianyu, Cai Chun, Chen Siyan, Wang Jiazheng (substitute) and Zhong Shuzhang (substitute), who come from different majors and schools.
QuEST, a quantum computing simulation software optimized by the team members, can simulate more than 35 qubits and ten thousand-level quantum gate circuits under the power consumption constraint of 3,000 watts.
It is the seventh time that the team has entered the ASC Global Finals, which demonstrates Beihang undergraduates' solid knowledge of computer system structure and their excellent innovation capabilities. It is also a successful and brand-new exploration of the engineering training model combining "teaching, competition and research" by the School of Computer Science and Engineering.
Jointly organized by the Asia Supercomputer Community in China, INSPUR, and Northern University of Science and Technology, the ASC20-21 attracts more than 300 university teams from 6 continents. After preliminary selection, 21 teams advanced to the finals. Wang Endong, member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, Xue Qikun, member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and president of Southern University of Science and Engineering, Jack Dongarra, member of American Academy of Engineering and professor of the University of Tennessee and Oak Ridge National Laboratory, and other experts delivered their speeches in the closing ceremony.
ASC Student Supercomputer Challenge, sponsored and organized by China and supported by experts and institutions from Asian and Western countries, is one of the top three international supercomputing competitions for college students, as well as the world's largest supercomputer hackathon. It aims to provide a platform to promote the exchange and training of young supercomputing talents from different countries, improve supercomputing applications and R&D capacity, drive forward the development of supercomputing, and boost technical and industrial innovation. Since inception in 2012, it has been held for 9 years and has attracted more than 10,000 college students from all over the world.


Reported by Luan Zhongzhi
Reviewed by Wang Yunhong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru and Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:103
TITLE:Rector of ITMO University Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2469.htm
TEXT:
Rector of ITMO University Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 18, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the afternoon of September 14th, a delegation led by Vladimir Nikolaevich Vasiliev, the Rector of ITMO University, visited Beihang Univeristy. Beihang President Xu Huibin friendly received the guests at the VIP Reception Hall of the Conference Center of New Main Building. Vice President Huang Haijun then had an in-depth discussion with the delegation at the 5th Conference Room, accompanied by relevant leaders from the Office of Admission and Career Development, International Division, School of Cyberspace Security, School of Computer Science and Engineering, and School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering. 


President Xu extended his warm welcome to the delegates and hoped that this visit would facilitate further in-depth cooperation between Beihang and ITMO on talent cultivation and scientific research in preponderant disciplines like information and optics. Vice President Huang briefed the current developments of Beihang in related fields. The two sides had an in-depth discussion and fully exchanged opinions on the next steps in carrying out research cooperation seminars, exchange programs for teachers, and joint training programs for students.
Following that, leaders from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering and School of Cyberspace Security gave an overall introduction to discipline construction, research cooperation and international exchange of their schools respectively.
During the visit, the delegates also toured related laboratories of the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering.


Founded in 1900, the ITMO University is one of Russia’s National Research Universities, and one of 15 Russian universities that were selected to participate in Russian Academic Excellence Project 5-100. Like Beihang University, ITMO University is also a member of the Association of Sino-Russian Technical Universities (ASRTU). The university currently has more than 11,000 students (including over 1,800 international students) and more than 1,300 teachers. Its top majors include precision machinery, optics, computer technology, control science and robotics, network security technology, program design, etc. The university has signed a cooperation agreement with Beihang in July this year.
  
Reported by Chen Cui and Qu Yue
Photographed by Sun He
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:104
TITLE:Italian Embassy and University of Bologna Delegation Visit Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2530.htm
TEXT:
Italian Embassy and University of Bologna Delegation Visit Beihang
                

                    Release time：May 28, 2018 / He Siying
                


On the afternoon of May 9, a delegation of three people led by Plinio Innocenzi, Scientific Attaché of the Embassy of Italy in China, and Prof. Marina Timoteo, Dean of the Confucius Institute at the University of Bologna, visited Beihang University. Prof. Li Deyu, Director of International Division and related personnel of the School of Law met with the guests.


Prof. Li first welcomed the visitors and gave a brief introduction to Beihang’s cooperation with Italy in recent years. Mr. Innocenzi thanked for the warm reception and expressed his willingness to promote further scientific research cooperation and personnel exchanges with Beihang in the field of space science on the basis of existing cooperation.
Subsequently, the two sides respectively introduced the basic information in terms of disciplines, scientific research and talent cultivation of the two universities. The two sides exchanged opinions and reached a consensus on the topics of promoting Sino-Italian research cooperation and personnel exchanges in the field of space science.
The University of Bologna (Alma Mater Studiorum Universita di Bologna) is a prestigious research-based comprehensive university. As one of the oldest universities in the world, it was founded in 1088 and has a history of more than 900 years. It ranks 188th in the latest QS World University Rankings, and its key disciplines and fields include medicine, chemistry, agriculture, veterinary medicine, engineering, architecture, statistics science, etc. The university is one of the most active European universities in terms of research. 
  
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Translated by He Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:105
TITLE:Beihang Undergraduates Win Ten Gold, Ten silver and Three Bronze in 44th ICPC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2230.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Undergraduates Win Ten Gold, Ten silver and Three Bronze in 44th ICPC
                

                    Release time：December 20, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


From September to December, the 44th International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) Asia-East Contests were held, including seven regional contests in Chinese mainland (Yinchuan, Nanjing, Xuzhou, Nanchang, Shenyang and Shanghai) and Hong Kong, and the final contest in Xi’an. Ten teams from Beihang’s eight schools, with three students each team, participated in six regional contests (except contest in Hong kong) and the final, nabbing ten gold, ten silver and three bronze awards in total.

Beihang’s contestants in Nanjing regional contest

Beihang’s contestants in the Asia-East Continent Final
The ICPC is recognized as the “Olympic Competition” in the field of Internet Technology (IT) as it is the largest-scale and highest-level contest of its kind and attracts most participants. Its mission is to provide a global platform for college students to demonstrate their abilities to analyze and solve problems. The contest is annually held and now is in its 44th year.
Beihang ICPC Programming Contest was organized by leaders from the Office of Academic Affairs and hosted by the School of Software, attracting many undergraduates from various schools. Established in 2005, Beihang ICPC training camp holds the annual Beihang ICPC Programming Contest in March to select excellent team members and promote the contest at the campus. The university round will select around 40 students (three members a team) to receive intensive training in the spring semester and the summer holiday. From September to December, students will register for and compete in regional online and offline contests of the Asia-East Continent Regional Contest, which were roughly held once a week. Teams advancing in the ICPC regional contests and finals will be eligible to compete in the ICPC World Finals with around 140 places at the globe, typically held between April and June. While contestants were competing in regional contests, Beihang ICPC training camp is planning to provide training courses and lectures for reserve players in the fall semester so as to familiarize them with the programming contest and improve their capabilities.


Reported by Song You
Reviewed by Zhang Desheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:106
TITLE:Beihang Holds Cultural Activities to Celebrate the National Day and the Upcoming 20th CPC National Congress
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3378.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Cultural Activities to Celebrate the National Day and the Upcoming 20th CPC National Congress
                

                    Release time：October 7, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On the occasion of the upcoming 20th CPC National Congress, Beihang University organized over 70 colorful activities from October 1st to 3rd to celebrate the 73rd anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, enrich students' holiday life and create a joyful and warm festive atmosphere, in which more than 5,000 people participated.
On the morning of October 1st, the Five-starred Red Flag was raised at both campuses of Beihang, with more than 500 teachers and students singing the national anthem aloud together and wishing the great motherland prosper and flourish.





A gala aimed to celebrate the National Day and the 70th anniversary of Beihang University was held at the stadium of both campuses, attracting over 1,500 students to actively participate in. The three-day gala was comprised of six parts, including basket shooting, hula hooping, shuttlecock kicking, soccer playing, pitch-pot and archery.

More than 300 students joined in the outward bound activities and gym contests organized by the university, where they gained happiness and classmate camaraderie through communication, cooperation and struggling.

Over 1,800 students visited the Air and Space Museum.

Moreover, the Schools organized students to visit Tiananmen Square, Museum of the Communist Party of China and other educational tourism spots, which not only enriched students’ holiday, but also strengthened their belief, passion and love for the country and the Party.

Forging ahead in the new era, Beihang students will always carry forward the spirit of serving the nation in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics, win the best results the youth today are supposed to get, and work hard to welcome the 20th CPC National Congress.


Reported by Wang Meng and Hu Tianhao
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:107
TITLE:The 2020 Undergraduate Admission Letters from Beihang Sent
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2165.htm
TEXT:
The 2020 Undergraduate Admission Letters from Beihang Sent
                

                    Release time：August 14, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


The 2020 Undergraduate Admission Letters from Beihang University were sent to the 2020 freshmen on the morning of August 7.

After receiving admission letters, many students shared their excitement and happiness with their classmates and families. “When I received the admission letter from Beihang, I was so excited and felt deeply privileged. The new campus life in the near future really fascinates me. Over the past six years’ school life, teachers’ dedication and parents’ support both have contributed to my growth. Although I am not good at expressing feelings, I still want to speak aloud: ‘thank you!’”, said one student.

Many students are also looking forward to the future campus life. “When I received the admission letter, the motto “Integrate Virtue with Brilliance and Combine Knowledge with Practice” was deeply rooted in my heart and the spirit that elder generations of Beihangers explored the space to serve the nation and strove to be the first also made me feel responsible and hopeful for the future. It is so lucky for me to be admitted to my dream university and major. In the future, I will strive to accumulate my knowledge in my field and enhance my own ability to serve the nation and the aerospace industry. Beihang, I love you! I am coming now!”

The exquisite admission packages carry the university’s best wishes for the 2020 freshmen. Seven airplanes printed in the EMS packages made specially for Beihang are arranged into the shape of Big Dipper and inspire students’ imagination and expectation. The 2020 Admission Letter, designed by Fang Fang, a student from the School of New Media Art and Design, is full of creativity and fun and carries the university’s expectations of energetic new Beihangers through the combination of campus buildings and Beihang characteristic elements, such as airplanes.


Zhongyang County of Lyuliang City, north China's Shanxi Province, a county that Beihang has helped to meet its poverty alleviation target, also prepared a gift for new Beihangers—Zhongyang paper-cutting which was hand-carved by Zhongyangers. The carved airplane on the paper-cutting stands for the expectation of new generation of Beihangers for exploring the space and gold airplanes arranged into the shape of Big Dipper represent the encouragement and respect for the national aerospace industry.

Chinese first Mars rover also sent its congratulations to the freshmen. The 2020 admission packages included an invitation for all Beihang freshmen to name the Chinese Mars rover.

Each letter sent to the hands of students embodies the university’s great expectation for the new students, and the excitement of receiving the admission letter will be an unforgettable memory for them.


Reported by Wang Qing and Liu Zhiwei
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:108
TITLE:2019 BHIEC Global Reaches its Conclusion
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2226.htm
TEXT:
2019 BHIEC Global Reaches its Conclusion
                

                    Release time：December 25, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


The final competition of the 3rd Beihang Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition (BHIEC) Global was held in Beijing on Dec. 22. Lin Jianhua, Director of Haidian District Economy and Information Technology Bureau, Yang Wentao, CEO of Beihang Investment Co., Ltd., Zhao Gang, Deputy Party Secretary of Beihang and representatives from relative companies and institutions were present. Lasting for 3 months, the event covered over 10 regions, with more than 250,000 Beihang alumni getting involved.
After fierce competition, 15 projects entered the final, among which the project “AI Electromyogram Gesture Interaction Technology” won the grand prize, the project “Large-Energy High-Power Maglev Flywheel Energy Storage Technology” got the first prize, and the second and the third prizes went to other two and three projects, respectively.

The final competition of 2019 BHIEC Global
Yang Wentao addressed the audience at the event. In his speech, he reviewed the fruitful results the competition had delivered in the past three years. He promised that Beihang Investment Co., Ltd., as a sponsor of the competition, will continue to utilize the competition as a platform to promote the technological flow of the area, talent communications and and innovative cooperation.

Yang Wentao, CEO of Beihang Investment Co., Ltd., delivered a speech at the event
Lin Jianhua pointed out that the local government of Haidian District pays much attention to the innovation and entrepreneurship and will continue to offer support to the competition and inject greater vitality into innovation and entrepreneurship in Beijing.

Lin Jianhua, Director of Haidian District Economy and Information Technology Bureau, addressed the audience
Zhao Gang noted that Beihang University, as the first university focusing on astronautics and aeronautics since the founding of New China, expects to put technological theory into practice in support of the country’s innovation demands.

Zhao Gang, Deputy Party Secretary of Beihang, made a speech
The competition this year updated its agenda with larger scale, fresher forms, better experience and wilder coverage. Besides, “White Paper of Beihang Alumni Entrepreneurship and Influence” was released, offering a comprehensive analysis on start-up businesses by Beihang alumni from multiple aspects.

“White Paper of Beihang Alumni Entrepreneurship and Influence” was released
Since the competition began in September, several regional contests have been held in Jingjinji Metropolitan Region, Yangtze River Delta, China’s middle and western regions and Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, involving hundreds of projects from famous universities from home and abroad.

The award winners and judges
With the goal of discovering and incubating advanced innovative technology projects as well as accelerating the industrialization of the high and new technology, the competition was organized by Beihang University, General Alumni Association of Beihang, Youth League Committee of Beihang, the Publicity Department of the Party Committee of Beihang, Beihang Entrepreneur Club, BUAA Holdings Co., Ltd. and Beihang Investment Co., Ltd.


Edited by Jia Aiping
Reported by Zong Zan
Photographed by Song honghai
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:109
TITLE:Institut National des Sciences Appliquées Delegation Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3606.htm
TEXT:
Institut National des Sciences Appliquées Delegation Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：October 9, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On the afternoon of September 26th, a five-people delegation from Institut National des Sciences Appliquées (INSA) visited Beihang University. Among the delegation were INSA Group President and INSA Toulouse President Bertrand Raquet, INSA Lyon President Frédéric Fotiadu, INSA Lyon Vice President Damien Fabrègue, and others. Beihang Secretary of Party Committee Zhao Changlu and President Wang Yunpeng met with the visitors. Also present were Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun, Executive Vice Dean of Graduate School Zhao Weisheng, as well as officials from the International Cooperation Office, Academic Affairs Office, Zhongfa Aviation Institute of Beihang University (ZFAI), and other relevant units.

Zhao Changlu warmly welcomed the visitors, mentioning that China and France are comprehensive strategic cooperative partners. The two countries have conducted effective cooperation in the fields of education, science and technology, economy, and trade. Beihang University and INSA Group are important educational cooperation partners, and the two universities have a long history of cooperation, achieving substantial results in talent cultivation, scientific research collaboration, and other areas. With highly compatible discipline setting and educational concepts, Beihang and INSA have a solid foundation for collaboration and possess enormous potential for future cooperation. It is expected that the two universities will work together to promote cooperation in various fields such as education, science and technology, and economy through educational collaboration, contributing to globalization and the development of human society.
Wang Yunpeng stated that Beihang University and INSA have had multiple practical exchanges this year aimed at expanding intercollegiate partnership. Next year, China and France will celebrate the 60th anniversary of formal diplomatic relations, creating an excellent opportunity for educational cooperation between the two sides. He hopes that based on the existing foundation of cooperation, both parties can fully expand and deepen the scope of collaboration, establish a comprehensive strategic partnership in all areas, promote the innovation of mechanisms and models for training outstanding international engineers, bridge the humanistic exchange between China and France, and provide practical solutions to common problems faced by human society.

Raquet expressed gratitude for the warm welcome by Beihang University and introduced the overall situation and recent development of INSA Group. He stated that INSA and Beihang are both young and outstanding universities, sharing similar standpoints in talent cultivation, social services, and global governance, and especially, the two sides have achieved numerous agreements in the field of engineering education, all of which can greatly contribute to further cooperation between the two universities. It is expected that both sides can lead comprehensive collaboration in all aspects through educational cooperation, jointly addressing global challenges, promoting technological and social progress, and creating a broader platform for Sino-France scientific and educational exchanges.

Huang Haijun introduced the latest developments of Beihang University and reviewed the main progress of cooperation between the two sides. Both universities have engaged in in-depth discussions on enhancing the international outstanding engineer training and have reached consensus.
After the meeting, Wang Yunpeng and Raquet signed the “Intentional Cooperation Agreement between Beihang University and INSA Group”, laying a solid foundation for further sustainable cooperation in areas such as student exchanges, joint education, scientific and technological cooperation, and more.

Institut National des Sciences Appliquées is the largest engineer training group in France, and the engineers it cultivates each year account for 10% of the total number of engineers trained in France, making it pivotal in terms of cultivation of elite engineers.The INSA group includes 7 INSAs in France (Centre Val de Loire, Hauts de France, Lyon, Rennes, Rouen, Strasbourg, and Toulouse). Adhering to a high standard and elite-oriented education model, the group is committed to training a large number of socially responsible and highly qualified engineers for the world, making contributions to sustainable social development. This visit marks the fourth mutual visit between the two sides this year.


Written by: Cao Qizheng, Fan Hang
Photos by: Song Chao
Reviewed by: Weng Jingnong
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:110
TITLE:Letter to All Beihangers: Joining Forces to Fight Novel Coronavirus
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2214.htm
TEXT:
Letter to All Beihangers: Joining Forces to Fight Novel Coronavirus
                

                    Release time：January 29, 2020 / 
                


Dear students, faculty and staff members,
In view of the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, Beihang University has made epidemic prevention and control its top priority and urges you to meet the following requirements:
1. Follow the arrangements and instructions from the university. For all students, the coming spring semester will be deferred. Please wait for notification about its start and relevant teaching and research work during this semester. The faculty and staff will go back to work normally according to the university calendar, except under special circumstances.
2. Do not leave your home and return to the university. Do not go back to the university before the spring semester begins. If you have booked tickets to return, please get them refunded in time. This is also true for the faculty and staff with the exception of those on duty during the winter holiday.
3. Report your return and accept medical observation. All faculty and staff who return to Beijing (wherever you went) must stay at home for a two-week medical observation. For those who are now in Hubei Province, please do not go back to Beijing. Those in other parts of China are not hurried into returning. Teachers, students and staff members who are not in Beijing now should follow your local rules of epidemic prevention and control and protect your health.
4. Do not believe and spread rumors or get anxious and panic. Raise your awareness of prevention. Familiarize yourself with scientific prevention and protection knowledge and spread it. Pay attention to the epidemic information released through official channels and authoritative media. Stay rational.
5. Pay attention to prevention against the coronavirus and live a healthy life. Keep yourself and the place where you live clean. Avoid contact with live poultry. Wear masks and wash your hands often. Eat regularly and have enough sleep. Get adequate exercise to improve your constitution and immunity.
6. Avoid going out and gathering. Reduce unnecessary trips and avoid visits to crowded and poorly ventilated places to best lessen the risk of infection. Do not participate in collective activities. Make a reasonable plan of study and research while you are at home to prepare for the new semester.
7. Cooperate with the university and report in time. Report your constitution and position to the person in charge in your department every day. If you have contact with confirmed or suspected cases of the novel coronavirus or other emergencies, report the situation to the university immediately.
8. Go to the hospital and receive treatment in time. If you have a fever, cough or show other symptoms of respiratory infection, do not hesitate to go to the hospital and follow the instructions of the medical staff.
The effective way to prevent and control the spread of infectious disease is to control the source of infection, cut off the transmission routes and protect susceptible people. Therefore, what you can do now is to avoid going out and gathering and protect yourselves and your family well.
The university cares about every one of you. Let’s fight together with confidence and win the war against the coronavirus!
Wish you a Happy New Year and good health!

Beihang University
January 28, 2020
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:111
TITLE:Face Recognition System First Adopted to Register Student ID in Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2451.htm
TEXT:
Face Recognition System First Adopted to Register Student ID in Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 15, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


Campus Card Service Center piloted Intelligent Face Recognition System for students to register student ID card in a self-service way with original artificial registration as auxiliary means in the first semester of the 2018-2019 academic year, coordinated by Party Committee, Finance Department and Informatization Office of Beihang University. This is aimed at improving register efficiency, standardizing the process of management and service, and enhancing the convenience and safety of informatization. By now over 70 percent of students have finished registration by themselves.

Students are required to take their student ID card and complete face recognition on a self-service machine, then the machine will put a seal on the card after verification in real time. This process takes less than 20 seconds and students can examine their school enrollment status and check on the information such as arrearage. It improves business transaction efficiency, avoids the risk in manual service and ensures the accuracy of student information.
Campus Card Service Center installed self-service machine at the Administrative Services of Ruxin Building, self-service area of Heyi Building in the Xueyuan Road Campus and Dormitory 4 in the Shahe Campus to bring convenience to students. Full-time undergraduate students and graduate students are able to register all day.

At the same time, the system, along with a WeChat mini program called “Hang Cai Tong+”, can complete the process of collecting the head portrait of school card, examining the information of students and card, and verifying bank card binding. Students can do all these things on their mobile phones without any manual service throughout the process. Process optimization and applications of new technology guarantee student services, information interaction among campus business systems such as school card, finance, educational administration and graduate students service, and effectively improve the overall informatization level of the university.
 
Reported by Li Bing
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:112
TITLE:Beihang 70th Anniversary Series: Beihang Holds the 60th Sports Meeting for Faculties and Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3399.htm
TEXT:
Beihang 70th Anniversary Series: Beihang Holds the 60th Sports Meeting for Faculties and Students
                

                    Release time：November 7, 2022 / Liang Xiaochun
                


On October 29, the 60th Sports Meetingwas held on both campuses as one of the activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Beihang University. Sponsored by the Department of Sports, the Department of Student Affairs, the Department of Graduate Student Affairs and the Labor Union, and organized by the School of Materials Science and Engineering, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Zhizhen College and the School of Astronautics, this year's sports meeting, as the largest one in recent years, covered all the schools and colleges. With a total of 42 teams and 4,473 athletes taking part in the games, the number of participants reached a record high.
Beihang Vice President and Chairman of the Labor Union Liu Shuchun, Vice President Lyu Weifeng, heads of the Office of Party and Government Affairs, the Department of Student Affairs, the Department of Graduate Student Affairs, the Security Department, the Department of Academic Affairs, the Logistics Department, the Office of Retirement Services, the Office of Shahe Campus Management Committee, the Labor Union, the Youth League Committee and the heads of each schools and colleges attended the opening ceremony.






Students stood in the shape of “BUAA” and “70” on Xueyuan Road Campus during the performance of the sports show

A giant flag unfurled during the school song

“70” and “Beijing No.1” displayed after the sports show at Shahe Campus
At 9:00 a.m., the opening ceremony started simultaneously on both campuses. One of the highlights was the wonderful sports show. On Xueyuan Road Campus, the words “BUAA” and “70” appeared on the lawn as the team changed, while Shahe Campus showed the words “70” and “Beijing No. 1”. Afterwards, a giant university flag, 27 meters long and 18 meters wide, slowly spread out on the lawn. Students and faculties celebrated the 70th birthday of Beihang together.







Performances and shows
On the occasion of Beihang's 70th birthday, energetic students and faculties presented a birthday greeting to their alma mater in the form of a large group exercise. The Tai Chi performed by about 1,600 students and faculties from both campuses was heroic; the fitness exercise “Youth” was vigorous; the martial arts team from Shahe Campus was powerful; the Tai Chi Fan performed by retired faculties and staffs was elegant and graceful, showing the “warm, wonderful, fun and uplifting” spirit of the Games.







Accompanied by the impassioned music, the entrance ceremony was led by the national flag and university flag, and the first flag phalanx, referee phalanx, 42 participating school and college phalanx, 4 sports clubs phalanx and the tail flag phalanx walked across the rostrum in turn to be inspected. The teams, dressed in costumes with school and college characteristics, showed the positive, hardworking and progressive spirit of Beihang students through their creative performances and slogans. The Hip-Hop Dancing Club, Roller Skating Association and Model Aviation Association made their debut at the opening ceremony, presented their performances with youthful vigor and showed the power and beauty of sports.
After the entrance ceremony, the representatives of referees and athletes swore that they would resolutely carry forward the sports spirit of fairness and justice, unity and cooperation, and courageous struggle, so as to lay the foundation for the success of the Games.
Liu Shuchun and Lyu Weifeng delivered opening speeches at Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus respectively, encouraging faculties and students to work together and strive hard on the field, taking this as an opportunity to strengthen physical exercise and contribute more to the new journey of building a modern socialist country with a healthier body, a more vigorous posture and more energy.

Liu Shuchun, Vice President and Chairman of the Labor Union, fired the gun

Vice President Lyu Weifeng fired the gun
This year's sports meeting featured 22 track and field competition programmes and 12 fun programmes. The traditional track and field programmes were passionate, and the interesting and novel fun programmes allowed every athlete to enjoy the sports and feel the power of teamwork, which created a rich sports atmosphere.








At 15:00 on the afternoon of October 30, in the stadiums of the Xueyuan Road and Shahe campuses, each participating college completed a 7×400-meter relay race in the order of two boys, three girls and two boys, with each team member completing 400 meters, as a tribute to the 70th anniversary of Beihang University with unity and hard work.




After two days of fierce competition, the top eight teams of the undergraduate group, the postgraduate group and the staff group were respectively awarded at the Xueyuan Road Campus; the top six teams of the undergraduate group, the postgraduate group and the staff group respectively received awards at the Shahe Campus.


In addition, six special prizes were also awarded at the event, including the first prize for the 70th anniversary run, the first prize for the fun programme, the first prize for the entrance ceremony, etc.
Since its foundation, Beihang has attached great importance to physical education and has achieved many competitive honors. In the future, Beihang will continue to promote the cultivation of high-quality talent in the new era, adhere to the concept of health-first education, and hold fast to the two major segments of public sports teaching and mass sports. It will also play the main traction role of various representative teams at all levels, help students establish a basic awareness of lifelong sports, have the basic ability of lifelong sports, and enjoy fun, strengthen physical fitness, consolidate personality and refine will in physical exercise.


Reported by Li Mengyuan
Photographed by Zhang Xiuhui, Xu Shiyi, Li Bingchen, et al.
Reviewed by Su Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:113
TITLE:Dean of Faculty of Engineering, University of Bristol Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2541.htm
TEXT:
Dean of Faculty of Engineering, University of Bristol Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：April 22, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


Professor Andrew Nix, Dean of the Faculty of Engineering of the University of Bristol and Professor Fabrizio Scarpa, International Student Exchange Officer of the Faculty of Engineering paid a visit to Beihang on April 11th. Li Deyu, Director of the International Division warmly received visitors at the Conference Center of New Main Building. Other participants included delegates from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, the School of Mathematics and Systems Science, the Entrepreneurship Management and Training School and the International Division.
Li Deyu first extended his welcome to the delegation. Then he gave an overall introduction of Beihang in terms of teaching, scientific researches and international cooperation and made a review of the collaboration between the two universities in recent years. Nix expressed his thanks for the warm hospitality and introduced the basic information, advantageous disciplines and the latest development of the University of Bristol. Nix noted that the disciplines of the two universities matched well and he expected further collaboration and exchanges between the two universities in the future. Besides, the delegates from the two sides exchanged views and reached consensus on proposals of promoting the faculty exchange, scientific cooperation and joint training of students.
The delegation of the University of Bristol also visited the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering and the School of Computer Science and Engineering. They gained a better knowledge of the teaching and scientific researches of Beihang in related fields and reached a preliminary cooperation intention with Beihang.
The University of Bristol, founded in 1876, is a well-known research university in the UK. It is one of the six red brick universities and a founding member of the Russell Group of research-intensive British universities. The University of Bristol is ranked 44th by the QS World University Rankings 2018.
Reported by Zhou Mi
Edited by Kong Xiangming
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:114
TITLE:Delegation from Kogakuin University Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2545.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from Kogakuin University Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：April 3, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


The Delegation led by Keiko Takahashi, Dean of the Confucius Institute of Kogakuin University, visited Beihang University during March 26th to 29th. The delegates visited the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, School of General Engineering (SGE), Beijing Air and Space Museum and Beihang Art Gallery.


When visiting the SGE, the delegates had a discussion on the student exchange program with Zhao Haiyun, Vice Dean of the SGE and Zhao Qiudi, Dierctor of the Office of General Affairs. Zhao Haiyun introduced the educational philosophy, teaching projects as well as main curriculum features of SGE and exchanged ideas with delegates on the possibility of enhancing exchanges between students from two sides through “Japan-Asia Youth Exchange Program in Science” (SAKURA Exchange Program in Science) in details. Besides, the delegates held a discussion with Jiang Yonggang, Feng Lin and Wu Qiong, who are professors from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, on relative studies and research collaboration between the two sides. 
  
The delegation of Kogakuin University gained a better understanding of the features and achievements of Beihang through the visit, and they promised to further promote academic and cultural exchanges and deepen the collaboration between the two universities.
Reported by Zhu MingmeiTranslated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:115
TITLE:Beihang Leaders Take Group Photo with 2018 Graduates
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2517.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Leaders Take Group Photo with 2018 Graduates
                

                    Release time：June 22, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of June 20, 3,815 graduating undergraduates from 27 schools assembled on the square in front of Main Building to take group photo. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice President Liu Shuchun, Deputy Party Secretary Li Junfeng, as well as heads from various schools, faculty and student advisers attended the event and took photos with the graduates, extending their best wishes for them.


During the interval, the students flocked to the university leaders to take photos as a memento. The leaders wrote blessing messages and kindly inquired about students’ employment whereabouts. They hoped that the graduates would continue to carry out the Beihang Spirit after graduation and be a person with ideals and responsibilities in the new era.




A sweet and warm graduation atmosphere filled the campus. Two banners marked with gradation slogan were suspended from the Main Building. Many graduation photo boards were set in front of the first and third teaching buildings and the library. The UAV aerial photographed the whole photo process, and the video will be sent to the graduates as a precious graduation gift.






The photos capture the wonderful moments of students’ four-year study life in Beihang and carry their deep blessing and good expectations to the Alma Mater, leaving an unforgettable memory for them as they embark on a new journey of life.
  
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:116
TITLE:Beihang Alumnus Initiates Charitable Donation and Haircut Service amid COVID-19 Outbreak
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2202.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Alumnus Initiates Charitable Donation and Haircut Service amid COVID-19 Outbreak
                

                    Release time：March 25, 2020 / Ren Chenjie
                


On the afternoon of March 23, with the theme “Being Grateful to Alma Mater and Combating the Pandemic Together”, an activity of donating epidemic prevention materials and providing free haircut service initiated by a Beihang alumnus was held at Beihang University.

Wang Peng, an alumnus of Beihang University, shared his spiritual journey during the activity. Although having left Beihang for ten years, he is always concerned about the development of his alma mater and is poised to make his own contributions. Considering the current situation that some logistical personnel were so busy in the epidemic prevention and control work that they were unable to leave the campus to have a haircut, he immediately invited four first-class barbers in Beijing to provide free haircuts for them. Besides, he also donated 3,000 surgical masks and 1,000 bottles of portable alcohol for the rear-service personnel of Beihang University. “Great distance cannot separate us. I will come back to Beihang at any time when needed,” said Wang Peng.


Xiao Hong, Party Secretary of the Logistics Department, expressed his gratitude to Wang Peng’s donation and said that, “Wang Peng passed on warmth and great love with actual actions. Such kind of love and responsibility will warm the whole Beihang University.” Wang Youhong, Director of the Alumni Affairs and Development Office, presented a souvenir to Wang Peng as a present.

The donated materials have been transferred to the Group of Logistics Materials Control and Coordination for unified deployment according to the actual situation of each department and school.


Reported by Li Lan
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Gao Changzhong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:117
TITLE:Beihang Students Attend 2nd BRAIA Space Exploration Summer Camp
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2487.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Attend 2nd BRAIA Space Exploration Summer Camp
                

                    Release time：August 9, 2018 / Li Siying
                



From July 15 to July 21, the 2nd BRAIA Space Exploration Summer Camp, hosted by the Belt and Road Aerospace Innovation Alliance, was held in the Qingdao Research Institute of Northwestern Polytechnical University. Four student representatives of Beihang University attending the Summer Camp were Zhang Yuedi, postgraduate student from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, Han Kai, postgraduate student from the School of Space and Environment, Mahyar Naderi Tabrizi and Sara Pourdaraei, both doctoral students from the International School. They participated in the Summer Camp together with nearly 60 participants from 15 countries including Australia, Brazil, China, Egypt, Iran, Bangladesh, Russia, Spain, and so on.


To get students acquainted with one another quickly, the Summer Camp provided a series of featured activities, such as specialized courses on space science and technology, lectures on Chinese traditional culture, the exchange exhibitions of Chinese and foreign cultures, sports games like beach soccer and water volleyball, as well as visits to prominent local enterprises in Qingdao.
Besides, there was also the Water Rocket Competition, in which Beihang representatives performed well. Zhang Yuedi received the Best Design Award, and Han Kai won the first prize. Mahyar Naderi Tabrizi and Sara Pourdaraei won the third prize.
Established in Xi’an in April 2017, the Belt and Road Aerospace Innovation Alliance (BRAIA) is initiated by Northwestern Polytechnical University and Chinese Society of Astronautics. It now has about 50 members, including universities, research institutes, academic organizations and enterprises from China, America, Russia, France, Belgium Spain, Italy, Ukraine, Egypt, Algeria and other countries along the Silk Road. As a member of the BRAIA, Beihang University has attended various activities such as the Belt and Road Aerospace Innovation Alliance Young Leaders Froum, the 2nd Composite Battle World Cup, the BRAIA Working Mechanism Symposium, and so on.
 
Reported by Wang Lingpei, Han Kai and Zhang Yuedi 
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:118
TITLE:Beihang Awarded Two 1st and Six 2nd National Prizes in Science and Technology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2394.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Awarded Two 1st and Six 2nd National Prizes in Science and Technology
                

                    Release time：January 9, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang professors accepted eight State Science and Technology Awards on January 8th at the annual National Science-Technology Award Ceremony in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.

Of Beihang's awards, two 1st prizes were State Technological Invention Award and State Scientific and Technological Award won by projects led by Prof. Su Donglin and Prof. Shi Chuang, respectively; Three 2nd prizes of the State Natural Science Award were nabbed by three projects led by Prof. Ding Xilun, Prof. Wang Jinjun and Prof. Guo Lei separately; Three 2nd prizes of the State Scientific and Technological Award went to three projects respectively headed by Prof. Wang Yunpeng, Prof. Wang Zili and Prof. Zhang Xuejun.
In recent years, Beihang is contributing to China’s social progress with its cutting-edge scientific and technological achievements, and carrying out scientific research and innovation by orienting itself toward the national economic development. Beihang has won a total of 14 1st prizes of State Science and Technology Awards since 2004.
 
Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Shi Yue
Reviewed by Yu Min
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:119
TITLE:Aeronautics and Astronautics Summer Camp 2019
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2308.htm
TEXT:
Aeronautics and Astronautics Summer Camp 2019
                

                    Release time：June 25, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of June 23, the 2019 Aeronautics and Astronautics Summer Camp, sponsored by Beihang University and co-organized by Peking University, the Chinese University of Hong Kong, the University of Macau and National Tsing Hua University, officially kicked off at the conference center of New Main Building, Beihang University. This summer camp facilitated university students from Beijing, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan to study together, exchange ideas and further learn knowledge of aerospace.

Attending the opening ceremony were Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun, relevant leaders from the Office of Admission and Career Development and the Office of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Affairs, teacher representatives and all student members. Jing Wei from Beihang University and Lin Yongzhi from Chung Yuan Christian University presided over the ceremony.
The opening ceremony started with an elaborate opening video made by Beihang students, documenting pre-camp preparation through the final getting-together of all members. After the video, Huang Haijun delivered a welcome speech and extended his warm welcome to the teachers and students of the participating universities. He reviewed the 11-year development of the Beijing-Hong Kong-Macao-Taiwan Aeronautics and Astronautics Summer Camp since its inception in 2009, and hoped all students can gain friendship and acquire knowledge in this wonderful journey of aerospace technology.
Wang Yujia, a student from Beihang University, introduced the featured Beihang campus and her own thoughts on university life. Following her, student representatives from Beijing, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan delivered their speeches respectively and expressed their expectations and wishes for the event. After the speech, Huang Haijun presented the camp flag for student representatives and took a group photo together.

Following the ceremony, Ma Jinxi, director of the Office of Admission and Career Development gave a report on the introduction and development of Beihang University in the fields of talent cultivation, scientific research and international cooperation. Zhang Houying, commander of China manned space engineering application system made a speech on space knowledge and the development of space technology in China.

The summer camp this year was attended by 156 teachers and students from 24 universities in Beijing, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, and will last for 8 days. Aiming to promote the popularization of aerospace knowledge among Beijing-Hong Kong-Macao-Taiwan students and promote their exchanges, the camp organized a series of unique activities such as lectures about aeronautics and astronautics, forum on aerospace technology, special visits, and experiencing the unique Beijing culture.

Reported by Fan Hang
Photographed by Wang Zhen
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:120
TITLE:Pro-Vice-Chancellor of Cranfield University Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2471.htm
TEXT:
Pro-Vice-Chancellor of Cranfield University Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 17, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


On the afternoon of September 13, a delegation of three led by Prof. Helen Atkinson, Pro-Vice-Chancellor of Cranfield University, visited Beihang University.
The guests were received by Vice President Huang Haijun at the Conference Center of New Main Building, and the meeting was also joined by representatives from the School of Aeronautical Science and Engineering, the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, the School of Energy and Power Engineering and the International Division.


The meeting
Vice President Huang welcomed the Cranfield delegation and reviewed the achievements the two sides made in talent cultivation and research cooperation since the partnership was built. He then briefed the guests on the general information of Beihang University from the aspects of education, research and international cooperation.
Prof. Atkinson expressed her gratitude for the warm reception and introduced the discipline and research developments of Cranfield University. According to her, Cranfield paid great attention to the partnership with Beihang and expected deeper cooperation between the two universities in the fields of aerospace, transportation engineering, energy and power.
The two sides also exchanged ideas about the joint cultivation of PhD students, further research cooperation and the establishment of a joint aeronautical innovation technology center.


A group photo of the attendees
Founded in 1946, Cranfield University, an exclusively postgraduate university, now has over 2,800 students, including international students from more than 110 countries and regions. It leads the world in the disciplines of aerospace, management science and machinery manufacturing and also records strong performance in fields of aircraft and engine design, automatic control engineering, manufacturing and materials and defense technology.
Beihang and Cranfield have a long history of cooperation in a wide range of fields, and the past years have witnessed frequent exchanges between professors of the two sides. In 2014, the two universities established the Beihang-Cranfield Double-Degree Master Program, which was funded by China Scholarship Council.
  
Reported by Zhou Mi and Qiu Zhichao
Photographed by Yang Xinyu
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:121
TITLE:1-Year Countdown Starts for Flight of Fengru-3-100
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2187.htm
TEXT:
1-Year Countdown Starts for Flight of Fengru-3-100
                

                    Release time：May 25, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


The 1-year countdown meeting for the flight of Fengru-3-100 and donation ceremony of Fengru-3-70 together with its world record certificate was held by Fengru College of Beihang School and the School of Beijing at Ruxin Conference Center on the afternoon of May 20.
Chaired by Li Junliang, Executive Dean of Fengru College, the meeting was attended by Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee, relevant staff members from the Organization Department and the Publicity Department of the Party Committee, the Department of Student Affairs, the Department of Academic Affairs, the Institute of Science and Technology, Youth League Committee, the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, Unmanned System Institute, Beihang School, the School of Beijing and Beijing Air and Space Museum. Besides them, over 50 other participants, including tutor representatives from partner enterprises and the project’s first and second batch of student members, were also present online.
Cao Qinghua, Director of the Department of Academic Affairs and Managing Vice Dean of Beihang School, recognized the Fengru-3 Project’s innovative talent cultivation model based on cutting-edge scientific and technological innovation as a success in his address. He also encouraged the students to inherit and pass on Beihangers’ spirit of serving the motherland through efforts made in the field of aerospace and to upgrade their scientific and technological innovation skills, expecting greater achievements from them.
Guo Weifeng, leader of the project, reported the preparations and follow-up work plan of the record-breaking flight of Fengru-3-100, which was intended as a gift to celebrate the 100th birthday of the Communist Party of China.
Speeches were also delivered by Zhang Yiquan, Zhou Yue, representatives of the first batch of student members, Li Jianhua, representative of enterprise tutors and General Manager of Zhengzhou Lanqi Aviation Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Zhang Xiuhui and Li Peishan, representatives of the second batch of student members, showing their infinite vision of the future and the determination to meet the project goal.
Fu Ning and Zhou Yinuo, representatives of the project team and students of the School of Beijing, donated Fengru-3-70, an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) model that set a Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) world record in flight duration for oil-powered fixed-wing UAVs whose maximum take-off weight (MTOW) is among 25-100kg, as well as the original world record certificate to Beijing Air and Space Museum. On behalf of the museum, Han Guojun, its Managing Vice Curator, accepted the donations.

In a summary speech, Zhao Gang expressed his thanks to the teachers and students of the project team and reviewed how Beihang cultivated generations of outstanding talents in the field of aerospace since its founding. According to him, the competition between powers is essentially about talents, especially innovative talents. For Beihang Univeristy, the Fengru-3 Project is important for its exploration of an innovative talent cultivation model, because the project provides a rare opportunity for students to combine knowledge with practice and train themselves comprehensively.
Zhao Gang also talked about his ardent expectations for the project members from five aspects. Firstly, be good at learning, think independently and develop systematic thinking. Secondly, be brave to explore and imagine and go beyond the tradition. Thirdly, plan carefully and implement the plan strictly. Fourthly, pay attention to details and constantly strive for perfection. Fifthly, boost team spirit and work together in this project to develop innovation capabilities, build willpower and aim to serve the motherland through efforts made in the field of aerospace.



Reported by Zhang Yunzhe
Photographed by Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Junliang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:122
TITLE:2019 Beihang New Year Gala for Postgraduate Students Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2400.htm
TEXT:
2019 Beihang New Year Gala for Postgraduate Students Held
                

                    Release time：December 26, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the night of December 23, the 2019 Beihang New Year Gala for Postgraduate Students, hosted by the Graduate School and co-organized by the Graduate Student Union, took place at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. Numerous postgraduate students gathered to enjoy the mesmerizing show which includes 12 programs featuring the vigorous youth and colorful skills of postgraduate students.

The show kicked off with the vibrant band performance. In the first part, the enthusiastic hip-hop dance “Shero”, a classical musical ensemble, a humorous sketch “Beijing ‘Matchmaker’ Association” and a solo “Boys” were staged one by one, winning prolonged applause from the audience.





The atmosphere was lightened as the party entered the second part. A witty and humorous sketch, a song with the Peking opera music elements, a cross-talk and an exciting street dance lit up the floor.




The party culminated in the last part as the fascinating magic show “miracle”, the street dance “Want You To Say” and the traditional dance “A State of Ceremonies” gradually unfolded. Last, “Beihang, My Heart Still in 2019” was recited affectionately by students to express their deep admiration and love for Beihang.




The show ended with a round of thunderous applause. It is a perfect showcase of the extraordinary talent of Beihangers.
 
Reported by Chen He and Zhong Guochao
Photographed by Liu Hongzhi, Zhang Xinyue, Weng Ningtao, Guo Suying and Liu Xin
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:123
TITLE:Chinese Orchestra Concert Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3463.htm
TEXT:
Chinese Orchestra Concert Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 27, 2023 / Wen Li
                


On the evening of March 22, Beihang Students Chinese Orchestra held a concert at Sunrise Concert Hall as the special performance for the 3rd Beihang Arts Festival.

Since 2002, the Beihang Chinese Orchestra has employed Gao Yang, a famous erhu player, national-level performer, and member of the Chinese Musicians Association, as its conductor. As a teacher who is good at teaching students according to their abilities, Gao Yang has broken the traditional folk music performance model, and has organized a series of salons named "Meet Chinese Music". He encouraged students to be open-minded and innovative according to their characteristics in artistic practice, helping the orchestra to develop a unique style.

In addition to the traditional folk music pieces such as Running Land Boat (in Chinese: Pao Han Chuan) for flute duet, Spring of Yi River (in Chinese: Chun Dao Yi He) for Liuqin solo and Festival of Tianshan (in Chinese: Tian Shan De Jie Ri) for Sheng, there was also one of the most famous pieces from the Jiangzhou Drum Music of Shaanxi Province of China, Bull-Tiger Battle (in Chinese: Niu Dou Hu), and a percussion piece Pioneers of Science and Technology (in Chinese: Ke Ji Xian Feng), which was adapted by these students. The audience were mesmerized and clapped their hands.





The final ensemble Poyang Lake Fishing Song (in Chinese: Po Yang Hu Yu Ge) and A Song to Tough Guys (in Chinese: Hao Han Ge) and the encores Horse Racing (in Chinese: Sai Ma) and Booming Flowers and Full Moon (in Chinese: Hua Hao Yue Yuan) have brought the atmosphere to a climax.
After the performance, the audience spoke highly to the concert and said that every second is enjoyable. Chinese folk music has kept up with the times and has taken on a new life, bringing beauty to the audience with its enduring artistic charm.
More than 20 performances have been planned during this academic year. There will be concerts of chamber music, symphony and chorus, as well as special performances of dance, drama and musicals, so stay tuned.


Reported by Yang Zichu
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:124
TITLE:One Professor and Six Alumni of Beihang Honored with 2023 Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3665.htm
TEXT:
One Professor and Six Alumni of Beihang Honored with 2023 Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation Award
                

                    Release time：December 21, 2023 / Han Xu
                


The 2023 Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation (HLHL) Award Ceremony was held in Beijing on December 19, granting science and technology awards to 56 outstanding scientists. One professor and six alumni of Beihang University were honored with the award.
Alunmus Qi Faren was awarded the HLHL Prize for Scientific and Technological Achievements, the highest honor of this award. Alunmi Feng Zhihai, Zhang Xiaohong, Li Dong and Li Decai were honored with the HLHL Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress. Alunmus Lin Songtao and Professor Zhao Lidong from the School of Materials Science and Engineering were granted the HLHL Prize for Scientific and Technological Innovation.
The Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation was established in 1994 by patriotic financiers Ho Sin Hang, Leung Kau Kui, Ho Tim, and Lee Kuon Wei, aimed at rewarding outstanding and innovative Chinese scientists and promoting science and technology development in the country. Over the past 29 years, a total of 1,526 scientific and technological professionals have been awarded this prize. The 2023 HLHL Prizes were conferred upon 56 scientists, including one for Scientific and Technological Achievements, 32 for Scientific and Technological Progress, and 23 for Scientific and Technological Innovation.
HLHL Prize for Scientific and Technological Achievements

Qi Faren
Qi Faren, Academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, is an undergraduate alumnus of Beihang University. He is also honorary dean of Beihang University School of Astronautics, and a technical advisor at the China Academy of Space Technology. Qi is a renowned space technology expert in China, serving as the chief designer of the Shenzhou spacecraft. He made systematic and creative contributions in the fields of manned spacecraft, satellites, aerospace components, and strategic development of space activities. He proposed a development roadmap for manned spacecraft that suits China’s national conditions and led his team to navigate complex key technologies in manned spacecraft, successfully completing missions from the unmanned “Shenzhou 1” to the manned “Shenzhou 6”, laying a solid foundation for China’s space laboratory and space station missions. He also played a vital role in the launch of “Dongfanghong-1” satellite and overcame numerous technical challenges for “Dongfanghong-2” and “Dongfanghong-3”, making important contributions to China’s communication satellite development. He has also cultivated batches of talents in technological innovation and engineering management to serve for the country’s aviation industry.
HLHL Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress
Metallurgical Material Technology Award

Feng Zhihai
Feng Zhihai, member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, is an undergraduate alumnus of the School of Materials Science and Engineering at Beihang University and a senior engineer at the Institute of Aerospace Materials and Processes.
Metallurgical Material Technology Award

Zhang Xiaohong
Zhang Xiaohong was admitted to the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Beihang University as an undergraduate in 1985 and a graduate student in 1989. He currently serves as the Secretary of the Party Committee at Soochow University.
Engineering Construction Technology Award

Li Dong
Li Dong, member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, was admitted to the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering as an undergraduate in 1985 and the School of Astronautics as a PhD student in 2012. He is the chief designer and senior engineer at the First Research Institute of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation.
Mechanical and Electrical Technology Award

Li Decai
Li Decai enrolled in the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation of Beihang University as a graduate student in 1989. He currently serves as a tenured professor and doctoral supervisor at the Department of Mechanical Engineering, Tsinghua University.
HLHL Prize for Scientific and Technological Innovation
Industrial Innovation Award

Lin Songtao
Lin Songtao, an undergraduate alumnus of the School of Astronautics, is now the Deputy Chief Engineer at the China Metallurgical Construction Research Institute.
Youth Innovation Award

Zhao Lidong
Zhao Lidong is a professor, a doctoral supervisor, and Deputy Dean of the School of Materials Science and Engineering at Beihang University. Zhao boasts the titles of national-level leading talent, Young Investigator of the International Thermoelectric Society, advanced individual among overseas Chinese returnees, Young Scientist Award of the International Union of Materials Research Societies (IUMRS), and globally highly cited researcher according to Clarivate Analytics (2019-2023). He has published more than 300 research papers, with over 37,000 citations. Currently, he serves as the founding editor-in-chief of Materials Lab and has edited the series Research on New Thermoelectric Materials, which is included in the Specialized Books of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology’s “14th Five-Year Plan”, National Publication Fund, and the publication plan of key national publications in the “14th Five-Year Plan”.


Reviewed by: Li Jianwei
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Han Xu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:125
TITLE:Beihang Supercomputing Team Breaks Record in ACS19
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2342.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Supercomputing Team Breaks Record in ACS19
                

                    Release time：May 4, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


Beihang Supercomputing Team broke the record of 42.99 teraflops per second with 50.21 teraflops per second under the rated power consumption of 3,000W (17 percent up from last year's record) in the 2019 ASC Student Supercomputer Challenge (ACS19) Finals held in Dalian University of Technology, April 25th. This is the first time that the performance of ACS broke the 50 teraflops barrier. Eventually, Beihang won the Highest Linpack Prize and the First Prize in the finals, scoring full marks in super-resolution algorithm for face images.
The team consists of You Xin, Dun Ming, Wei Yi, Jin Zehui, Gao Ruiyuan and Liu Xiaoyan from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Electronic and Information Engineering and the Shenyuan Honors College, led by Yang Hailong, a teacher from the School of Computer Science and Engineering.
This is the sixth time for Beihang Supercomputing Team to reach the ACS finals, which manifests their solid knowledge of computer system structure and excellent innovation ability in the field of supercomputer.

Beihang Supercomputing Team won the Highest Linpack Prize in ACS19

Beihang Supercomputing Team won the First Prize in ACS19
Student Supercomputer Challenge, the world’s largest supercomputer competition for college students, started in 2012 and has been held for eight consecutive years. Since its establishment, the competition has been increasingly influential, and more than 7,000 college students from all over the world have taken part in it. ACS ranks as one of the three international supercomputer competitions with ISC and SC.
ASC19 was launched by Asia Supercomputer Community, Inspur and Dalian University of Technology, and over 300 teams from different universities participated in. After a fierce preliminary competition, 20 teams were in the finals. Those teams were required to finish lots of tasks under the rated power consumption of 3,000W such as designing their own supercomputing system, runing and optimizing the international standard benchmark test, as well as reconstructing high-resolution face images from low-resolution ones. Moreover, a secret application problem – ShengBTE, a phonon calculation software, was given to them for a comprehensive review of their knowledge structure and improvisation. Beihang Supercomputing team excelled in the finals, wining the second place in HPCG and wtdbg2.

Beihang Supercomputing Team
This is the seventh time for Beihang Supercomputing Team to participate in the international supercomputing competition. Before the competition, the team members spent their spare time busily preparing for the competition, learning from previous experience and innovating technical plans. Supported by the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Youth League Committee and Informatization Office, they have overcome all the difficulties and produced the greatest achievement in Beihang supercomputing history.

Reportedby Zhou Xiaoyi
Reviewed by Zhuang Jie
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:126
TITLE:Beihang-Developed Unmanned Ornithopter Sets Guinness Record for Longest Flight Duration
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3386.htm
TEXT:
Beihang-Developed Unmanned Ornithopter Sets Guinness Record for Longest Flight Duration
                

                    Release time：October 24, 2022 / Wen Li
                


Recently, an unmanned ornithopter, developed independently by the research group led by Prof. Jiao Zongxia, associate researcher Zhao Longfei and Prof. Shang Yaoxing from the Research Institute for Frontier Science of Beihang University, has set a Guinness record for the longest flight duration, flying continuously for one hour 31 minutes and 4.98 seconds.

Ornithopters have potential applications in many fields, such as Mars exploration, airport bird repelling and near-space aircraft study. The previous flying durations of ornithopters worldwide were short, most of which could last just around half an hour, which was significantly behind other types of conventional aircraft, so the world record had been unoccupied. In order to establish the record, Guinness has conducted a full investigation on the existing unmanned ornithopters, and finally believes that if an ornithopter can fly for 1 hour, it will form an absolute flight duration advantage and will have better practical application prospects.

The ornithopter's mechanism is complicated, requiring demanding mechanical systems, and it is difficult for an artificial flapping wing to achieve flying. In the early 19th century, George Cayley invented the prototype fixed-wing aircraft. After the Wright brothers completed the first successful manned powered flight, fixed-wing and helicopters became the mainstream air transportation platform, and the exploration of flapping wing flight has been dormant for a long time. Over the past 100 years, aviation technology has developed rapidly. Researchers have gradually found that even the most advanced aircraft are far from birds, insects and other flying creatures in many ways. Therefore, flapping wing research has become a hot topic again in recent years.
During previous flight tests in 2021, this record-breaking ornithopter lasted just 53 minutes. After optimizing its power system and wing dynamics, its performance soared, reaching the best possible condition to create the world record on July 21st, 2022.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:127
TITLE:President Xu Huibin Attends APSCO 10th Anniversary Conference
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2427.htm
TEXT:
President Xu Huibin Attends APSCO 10th Anniversary Conference
                

                    Release time：November 19, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang President Xu Huibin was invited to attend the Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization (APSCO) 10th Anniversary Conference held in Beijing on November 14.


With the theme “Promote Space Cooperation and Build a Community of Shared Future”, the conference aims at giving full play to the role of APSCO in advancing pragmatic cooperation, openness and sharing, so as to push forward the development of space industry in the Asia-pacific Region. Besides events like Opening Ceremony, Space Agency Administrators Sub-forum and other sub-forums, the “International seminar on cultivating the next generation of space innovative talents through space cooperation” was also held during the period of the conference. Attending the meeting were over 100 representatives from relevant government departments, colleges and universities, research institutes, industry associations and enterprises at home and abroad.
Following the Opening Ceremony, President Xu Huibin renewed the cooperation agreement between Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization and Beihang University with Li Xinjun, Secretary General of APSCO, witnessed by Miao Wei, Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technologyof China, Zhang Kejian, Director of China National Space Administration, and representatives of other Asia-pacific member states.


During the event, President Xu Huibin also toured the APSCO Exhibition and talked with representatives from space agencies and other universities.


At the following APSCO 10th Anniversary High-Level Forum, Vice President Huang Haijun, on behalf of Beihang University, delivered a speech entitled “Beihang Global Campus and International Space Education”. He mainly introduced the current development of Beihang from perspectives of internationalization, degree and non-degree programs on space education, academic exchanges and the APSCO Small Student Satellite program led by Beihang University. Some overseas graduate students from Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization Education and Training Center in China, which is located at Beihang University, were also invited for the forum.


At the APSCO 10th Anniversary Gala Dinner, Beihang was honored with the prize of Space Education Partner Institution Best Practices Award by the APSCO for its unique contribution to APSCO in terms of talent cultivation.


The history of APSCO can be stretched back to 1992 when the Asia-Pacific Workshop on Multilateral Cooperation in Space Technology and Applications (AP-MCSTA) was held in Beijing. The participants from 16 Asia-Pacific countries unanimously agreed on promoting the multilateral cooperation in space technology and its applications in Asia-Pacific Region, and establishing consequently the APSCO. As an inter-governmental organization, it aims to peacefully explore and exploit space science and technology and their applications for promotion of sustainable socio-economic development by facilitating multilingual cooperation for human benefit of the Asia-pacific Region. Currently, it has eight member countries, China, Bangladesh, Iran, Mongolia, Pakistan, Peru, Thailand and Turkey.
The Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization Education and Training Center in China, located at Beihang, was founded on July 26, 2013. So far, the Center has trained 260 postgraduate students and 60 doctoral students, in the filed of space technology and its applications, for the members of APSCO and other developing countries. It has organized more than 30 short-term training courses on space technology and its applications for more than 1,500 students.
  
Reported by Cui Yizhuo
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:128
TITLE:Sailing to the Future: Beihang Holds 2023 Graduation Gala
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3538.htm
TEXT:
Sailing to the Future: Beihang Holds 2023 Graduation Gala
                

                    Release time：June 15, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On the evening of June 11, with the theme “Sailing to the Future”, the graduation gala for the 2023 graduates of Beihang University was held in the gymnasium of Xueyuan Road Campus. More than 3,000 people attended the event, among which were Beihang leadership including Party Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Vice President Zhang Hailan, Deputy Party Secretary Cheng Bo, and faculty representatives from relevant departments, schools and colleges, as well as 2023 graduates. Together they looked back on the wonderful memories on campus and extended their best wishes to the graduating students.





The gala features three chapters, including “The Stars Converging - Youth”, “Seeking in the Firmament - Spirit” and “Building the Dream - Ideal”. Through the wonderful performances, students demonstrated their utmost passion towards heading on a new journey and their firm belief to serve the country in the aerospace industry.



The gala kicked off with the enthusiastic song and dance performance “Youth” (in Chinese: Qing Chun). More than 3,000 graduates from 32 schools waved their glow sticks and shouted throughout the venue, with their banners flying high among the audience.


The first chapter, “The Stars Converging - Youth”, tells the story that students from all over the country meet at their best age, and start their unforgettable campus time in Beihang.


The second chapter, “Seeking in the Firmament - Spirit”, depicts Beihang people’s will and faith to keep exploring the space and their contribution to the high-level self-reliance and self-improvement of China’s aerospace industry through the relay of generations of youth’s endeavors.


The third chapter, “Building the Dream - Ideal”, presents Beihang youth’s aspiration to march on the new journey to realize their dreams and dedicate themselves to the nation’s aerospace cause.


The evening came to an end with the chorus of the song “Stubborn” (in Chinese: Jue Jiang) and the university anthem “Look up at the Starry Sky” (in Chinese: Yang Wang Xing Kong) by all the performers and the audience.





Reported by Wang Xinyi, Wang Shiyu, Zhang Zhewei, and Zeng Jianpeng
Photographed by Di Bailu, Zhang Zhibo, Chen Jiaheng, Qin Yuhang, and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:129
TITLE:Team of Prof. Xia Yong Publishes Paper in Mathematical Programming
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2203.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Xia Yong Publishes Paper in Mathematical Programming
                

                    Release time：March 19, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


A breakthrough was made recently in the field of convex geometry by Prof. Xia Yong, Yang Meijia and Wang Shu, two doctoral students enrolled in 2015 and 2014 respectively. The team from the School of Mathematical Sciences published the research under the title “Chebyshev Center of the Intersection of Balls: Complexity, Relaxation and Approximation” in Mathematical Programming, a noted journal dealing with every aspect of mathematical optimization with an impact factor of 3.785 (2018).

The problem which they studied dated back to 1857 when James Joseph Sylvester, a celebrated British mathematician and fellow of the Royal Society, raised the question of finding the circle of smallest radius enclosing a given finite set of points in the plane, or the Chebyshev center of the given points. The general version of the problem is to find the Chebyshev center of a convex set.
In 2007, Amir Beck, a famous expert in optimization and professor of Technion-Israel Institute of Technology whocame upwitha fast iterative shrinkage-thresholding algorithm (FISTA), presented the Chebyshev center problem (CCB) of finding the smallest ball enclosing the intersection of p given balls in the n-dimensional space.The problemhas important applications in fields like robust estimation, wireless network communication, control, optimization, etc. The following figure is an example of the problem when n = 2 and p = 3 (the yellow circle is the smallest one that can cover the red area).

Prof. Beck provided a solution to the problem using a standard convex quadratic programming (SQP) method through dual relaxation and proved that the approximation is accurate when p ≤ n - 1 in 2007. He changed the sufficient condition into p ≤ n in 2009.
The breakthrough made by the team of Prof. Xia concerning this problem is to first prove that (CCB) is NP-hard and discuss the hard case p > n. According to the team, (CCB) is polynomially solvable when either n or p − n (>0) is fixed. They also proved that the (SQP) method proposed by Prof. Beck has an approximation ratio of 2 (which means that the function value of the approximate solution is less than two times the accurate minimum) for the first time.
This research was supported by National Science Fund for Excellent Young Scholars, National Natural Science Foundation of China, and Beijing Natural Science Foundation.

More information of the research:
https://doi.org/10.1007/s10107-020-01479-0


Reported by Li Tiantian
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:130
TITLE:Beihang Co-organizes Second ICAO NGAP Global Summit
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2408.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Co-organizes Second ICAO NGAP Global Summit
                

                    Release time：December 18, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


On the afternoon of December 12, the Second International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Next Generation of Aviation Professionals (NGAP) Global Summit commenced in Shenzhen. Its co-organizers include Beihang University, ICAO, Shenzhen Municipal People’s Government and the Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics.


At the summit
The three-day summit aimed to facilitate the cooperation and coordinated development of aviation education around the world, to attract, educate and train the next generation of aviation professionals, and to promote the sustainable development of global aviation industry. It was attended by nearly 1,000 representatives from 82 countries and regions, including domestic and foreign government aviation officials, delegates from world-renowned institutions of higher education, training agencies and industry leaders in the aviation field, and young aviation professionals.


At the summit
At the opening ceremony, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, introduced the training of aviation talents at Beihang University. According to her, Beihang has been working closely with world-famous universities and aviation enterprises to train high-level aviation professionals who can satisfy the developmental needs of the aviation industry. It will continue this effort with the great support from ICAO.


Secretary Cao spoke at the opening ceremony
The summit included six panels: fast forward to the future, employer challenges now and in the future, women in aviation now and in the future, innovations and solutions to address NGAP challenges, setting up a national NGAP strategy, and the way forward.
Vice President Huang Haijun delivered a speech analyzing the future trends in global aviation industry and qualifications for the next generation of aviation professionals, introducing in particular the educational principles of Beihang University and its innovative practices in training such professionals. Prof. Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and the School of General Engineering, spoke at the panel of “the way forward” about the approaches adopted to train internationalized and innovative talents in these schools.


Vice President Huang gave a speech


Prof. Wen delivered an address
During the summit, Secretary Cao also had a meeting with Dr. Liu Fang, Secretary General of ICAO. They fully exchanged ideas and reached a consensus on the promotion of Beihang-ICAO cooperationin talent training and scientific research. After the meeting, Prof. Fan Ying, Dean of the School of Economics and Management, and James Wan, Deputy Director of Information Management and General Administrative Services of ICAO, signed the Working Plan of Beihang-ICAO Research Project of Big Data-Driven Aviation Economics and Management on behalf of the two sides. 


Secretary Cao talked with Secretary General Liu


Prof. Fan and Mr. Wan signed the working plan on behalf of Beihang and ICAO respectively
A series of special activities also took place during the summit, including the Model ICAO Forum, the Aviation University Forum and so on. On behalf of the organizers, Vice President Huang delivered an opening speech on Aviation University Forum, where leaders and experts from over 40 universities that offer aviation-related programs around the world had deep discussions about the training of next-generation aviation professionals and agreed on the establishment of the International Association of Aviation and Aerospace Education.
The founding of the International Association of Aviation and Aerospace Education was officially announced on the morning of December 13. The association was initiated by Beihang University, McGill University, Ecole Nationale de l'Aviation Civile, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, the Moscow State Technical University of Civil Aviation and the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg. At the signing ceremony, over 30 educational institutions in aeronautics, astronautics and civil aviation signed the statement to join the association on the scene, and six aviation-related associations or organizations stated their support for the establishment and future development of the association. In addition, 23 international educational agencies and academic organizations sent letters to support the founding of the association during the summit.


A group photo of the attendees at the signing ceremony
180 undergraduates from all over the world took part in the Model ICAO Forum. During the three-day summit, these participants conducted research and discussions of the critical issues faced by ICAO and air transportation industry, offering solutions to some relevant aviation cases. 23 Beihang students were selected to participate in the forum, including 13 international exchange students.


At the Model ICAO Forum
Due to the rapid development of global air transportation, the need for aviation professionals grows with each passing day. Accordingly, ICAO started the NGAP program in 2009, aiming to promote the cooperation and coordination between the international civil aviation community and the education community, and to attract, educate and facilitate the development of next-generation aviation professionals. In 2016, ICAO listed the program as a key part and emphasis of the sustainable development plan of the United Nations. In November 2017, the first ICAO NGAP Global Summit was held in Montreal, Canada.
  
Reported by Gao Yuan
Reviewed by Lvu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:131
TITLE:First Lecture 2021 for New Students Delivered
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3157.htm
TEXT:
First Lecture 2021 for New Students Delivered
                

                    Release time：September 22, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On the morning of September 18, First Lecture 2021, a signature event of Beihang University designed for all newcomers, was given by Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University. Over 10,000 new undergraduate and graduate students listened to the lecture in more than 60 venues at both Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus. The event was moderated by Cheng Bo, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University.

Secretary Cao first expressed her sincere congratulations to all fresh students on being admitted to Beihang. At the golden season of the year, rich activities and events as well as the opening ceremony attended jointly by undergraduates and postgraduates were held during the orientation week for fresh students.

2021 September 18 marks the 90th anniversary of the “September 18 Incident” and is also the 21st Nationwide National Defense Education Day. Cao hoped that everyone will reflect on the past, exercise the complete competence to contribute to the realization of building a strong country with a strong military.
Secretary Cao noted that 2021 marks the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China. China has realized the first centenary goal — building a moderately prosperous society in all respects. Generation after generation of young Chinese have devoted their youth to the cause of the Party and the people over the past century. Cao stressed that, in the new era, our young people should make it their mission to contribute to building China into a great modern socialist country in all respects.

On reviewing the glorious history of Beihang, Cao gave students an insight into the past 69-year development of the university, encouraging the new faces to devote themselves to the nation by fulfilling their missions and take the serving of the country as the highest value.

Since Beihang was founded in 1952, generations of Beihangers have been passing on the spirit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics. With the development of the country, more and more Beihangers have made major breakthroughs in core technologies in key areas, making outstanding contributions to the country.
Since 2021, Beihang has adopted a brand-new system in cultivating high-quality talents by focusing on vision, basic knowledge, practice and the integration of science and teaching, meeting the requirements of development in the new era.

She also hoped that every student can pursue a positive and active life, take the initiative and be self-motivated, improve the learning and thinking ability, become a person who wants to do things, can do things, and can do them well, and keep reading and exercising. “I hope all of you will take on the important tasks of national rejuvenation and strive for a new chapter of youth in the new era,” said Secretary Cao.
The two-hour lecture came to a successful close with warm applause.

With Shahe Campus being the main venue, over 60 branch venues at the two campuses were set up for the event. Meanwhile, the lecture was also streamed for students from various schools.




Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Zhang Keli, Zhu Quan, Li Yi, Qin Yuhang, Chen Jiaheng, and Zhang Xiuhui
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:132
TITLE:Beihang Supercomputing Team Tops ASC20-21 Preliminaries
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/2912.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Supercomputing Team Tops ASC20-21 Preliminaries
                

                    Release time：January 26, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Finalists for the 2020-2021 ASC Student Supercomputer Challenge (ASC20-21) were announced on January 18. 27 university teams, standing out from more than 300 teams from all over the world, eventually got through the preliminaries and entered the finals which will be held in Shenzhen from May 8 to 12.
The 27 university teams are from Beihang University, Zhejiang University, Sun Yat-sen University, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, University of Warsaw, Ural Federal University, etc. The supercomputing team from Beihang University ranks 1st in the preliminary round.

Led by Yang Hailong, an associate professor from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the Beihang supercomputing team consists of five students, including Liu Quqi, Hao Jiwei, and Feng Tianyu from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Chen Siyan from the School of Software, and Cai Chun from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering. The proposal submitted by the team is among the best in solving the tasks such as searching for pulsars, AI language modeling, and quantum computing simulation.
Sponsored and organized by Asia Supercomputer Community in China, the ASC Student Supercomputer Challenge is one of the top three international supercomputing competitions for college students, as well as the world's largest supercomputer hackathon. Since inception in 2012, it has been held for 9 years and has attracted more than 10,000 college students from all over the world. The ASC competition aims to provide a platform to promote the exchange and training of young supercomputing talents from different countries, improve supercomputing applications and R&D capacity, drive forward the development of supercomputing, and boost technical and industrial innovation.


Reported by Luan Zhongzhi
Reviewed by Wang Yunhong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:133
TITLE:Designs by Beihang Undergraduates Selected in iF WORLD DESIGN GUIDE 2021
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3094.htm
TEXT:
Designs by Beihang Undergraduates Selected in iF WORLD DESIGN GUIDE 2021
                

                    Release time：May 31, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


Under the instruction of Assistant Professor Nie Zichao, designs “iRecycle”, “Hand in Hand”, “Breath”, “Oldguard” and “Talka” completed by UI design group of senior undergraduates from the School of New Media Art and Design of Beihang University were selected in iF WORLD DESIGN GUIDE 2021 and were included in STUDENT CONCEPTS as well.
With the theme of “Sustainable Development Goals of the UN”, the iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD 2021 selected entries that must show striking qualities in the aspects of “innovation”, “refinement”, “function”, “aesthetics” and “responsibility”.

iRecycle (Designer: Lu Yu, Liu Yibing, Wu Guanyi, Yue Anda)
The design work “iRecycle” is an app that focuses on waste sorting and aims to raise residents’ awareness of proper garbage separation through the visualization of garbage disposal data and virtual world incentives. Therefore, it can improve the efficiency of urban garbage recycling system from the source of garbage generation, minimize unnecessary pollution and waste, and promote the sustainable development of the whole city.

Hand in Hand (Designer: Liu Yuqi, Li Jianuo, Hu Lesi, Zhang Chenxin)
The design work “Hand in Hand” is a public welfare team running app that provides fresh and attractive visual team running modes. It also offers active running users the opportunity to build a real playground for impoverished areas under the investment of public welfare funds. In this app, the user image, running process and the progress of playground construction will be visualized and displayed in a personalized and dynamic illustration style.

Oldguard (Designer: Guo Jinzi, Su Xinyi, Wang Jinhui, Yao Yao)
“Oldguard” was targeted to specific groups of older people at high risk of falls in the context of population ageing. It aims to protect elderly people from falling and provides them with barrier-free travel route planning, AR panoramic navigation, real-time obstacle alert through ultrasonic and AR recognition. Furthermore, it provides timely remedial measures such as calling emergency services, notifying their family members or community volunteers after a fall of elderly people.

Talka (Designer: Liu Zheng, Bi Yuqi, Wu Yezhou)
Africa is the poorest continent in the world but with the richest languages. Under this circumstance, the design work “Talka”, as an app of foreign language communication and learning, enables African people with language advantages to walk out of poverty through their own efforts. Besides, it also provides students of different languages with an open online learning platform where they can freely choose their favorite teachers and communicate with native speakers at a lower price. It aims to reduce poverty, remove barriers between different countries and promote cultural exchanges.

Breath (Designer: Zhang Jing, Fang Fang, Liu Zixiao, Wang Jiaxuan)
The design work “Breath” is an app that provides a bra device for users with breast problems. Breast health data detected by the bra device is personalized into two “fairies”, whose changes are based on the user's health data. They offer health plans, keep long-term records, and exercise with users.
The iF DESIGN AWARD was founded in 1953 and is organized annually by iFInternational Forum Design, the oldest industrial design institution in Germany. Known for its “independent, rigorous and reliable” award concept, it aims to enhance the public’s awareness of design, and its most significant gold award is known as “Oscar Award in product design”.

The iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD is a student-oriented design prize among the iF Awards, as well as one of the highest awards for students and young designers around the world.
In recent years, undergraduates from the School of New Media Art and Design of Beihang University have actively participated in this competition. Their works have won awards in the iF DESIGN TALENT AWARD for three consecutive years, and have been honored with the title of BEST OF THE YEAR for two consecutive years. Moreover, some works have also been selected in the IF WORLD DESIGN GUIDE.


Reported by Yue Anda
Reviewed by Wang Qun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:134
TITLE:Xinhua News：Profile: China's first payload expert Gui Haichao to travel to space station
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3530.htm
TEXT:
Xinhua News：Profile: China's first payload expert Gui Haichao to travel to space station
                

                    Release time：May 30, 2023 / Source: Xinhua
                


Profile: China's first payload expert Gui Haichao to travel to space station


Gui Haichao, one of the three Chinese taikonauts who will carry out the Shenzhou-16 spaceflight mission, meets the press at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China, May 29, 2023. (Xinhua/Li Gang)
JIUQUAN, May 29 (Xinhua) -- As China counts down to the launch of the Shenzhou-16 spaceflight mission, Gui Haichao, who will serve as the first-ever payload expert to be part of a crewed team, made his first public appearance on Monday.
Gui said he feels lucky and happy to have the opportunity to become the country's first payload expert in space, adding that the opportunity is a result of the "new stage" of the country's space station.
Gui, a professor at Beihang University, is also the country's first civilian astronaut into space. He said that although the Shenzhou-16 crew members have divided responsibilities, they are one another's backup and will complete every task and operation together.
Born in 1986, Gui's enthusiasm for science has been developing since childhood. He had a set of encyclopedias from which he gained a lot of basic space knowledge.
After sitting his college entrance examination, Gui placed first in his county and was admitted to Beihang University, a prestigious university in aeronautics and astronautics.
He majored in aircraft design and engineering at the school of astronautics, and earned a doctorate after nine years of study.
Gui then pursued postdoctoral research overseas and published approximately 20 SCI academic papers in top international journals. After returning to China, he became an associate professor at Beihang University's school of astronautics.
In 2018, China announced a plan to recruit its third group of astronauts, and specified that this would include not only pilots, but also flight engineers and payload specialists.
Gui signed up without much thought and enrolled successfully following several demanding rounds of selection.
Centrifuge training, or high G-force endurance training, was once a challenge for Gui.
When astronauts begin a spaceflight or are on their way back to Earth, they are subjected physically to high G-force levels. Gui successfully endured 6 g's during the selection program, but he had to improve his resistance against 8 g's to meet the training standard.
During his first centrifuge training, Gui said he felt like his chest was ripping open and his heart rate was high.
Deeply unsatisfied, he turned to seasoned astronauts for advice and put his performance down to inappropriate body actions resulting from mental tension, the inadequate condition of his body and his lack of relevant skills.
He made adjustments during later training sessions, and he was able to endure 8 g's and made continuous progress in his performance.
Survival training in the scorching heat of the Badain Jaran Desert in northwest China also had a particular impact on Gui. He can still recall how his skin burned after the sunlight penetrated his double-layered tent at noon.
Gui and his teammates tried their best to obtain water in various ways, such as collecting rain, dew drops and even urine.
But they faced greater challenges. Gui, who was carrying goods weighing dozens of kilograms, found that the bottom part of one of his shoes had peeled off. He used a knife to pierce holes in the shoe, and the strings of a parachute as thread to sew the sides together. When his other shoe fell apart later, he chose to endure the scalding pain from the sand and walked for two hours before pulling out of the training exercise.
Shenzhou-16 will be the first crewed mission since China's space station entered its application and development stage. As the team's payload expert, Gui will undertake many space science experiments in various fields.
"I'm confident that we can complete the mission with the team's joint efforts," he said.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:135
TITLE:Associate Professor Wei Peng Publishes Research in IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2446.htm
TEXT:
Associate Professor Wei Peng Publishes Research in IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics
                

                    Release time：October 23, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics, the top journal in the fields of instrumentation, controls and electronics, published the article “Measurement Method for the Velocity of Acoustic Emission Wave in Liquid Nitrogen” by Associate Professor Wei Peng from the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering, Beihang University. Wei Peng is the first author as well as the corresponding author. Han Xiaole and Xia Dong, who are graduates of Beihang, are the second and the third authors respectively.
A New Breakthrough in Acoustic Emission Detection at Super-Low Temperature
On October 4, 1957, the Soviet Union inaugurated the Space Age with its launch of the world’s first artificial satellite. Up to now, the benefits we have gained from the space are beyond calculation. However, the space exploration calls for cutting-edge technology, which is challenging for human beings. It is the “breeding ground of revolutionary technology”. No one can afford to make any fault as it is serious and irretrievable.


On September 1, 2006, the Falcon 9 rocket roared toward space only to be lost just after lift off. According to Elon Musk, the possible cause of explosion was the leak of second stage liquid oxygen tank, although no evidence can be found from the data of any sensor in the rocket. On July 2, 2017, the same tragedy happened on the Long March 5 rocket, whose failure was also said to be caused by an oxygen supply problem, though there is no proof from data collected. The two accidents revealed a blind spot of detection－vibration, shock and acoustic emission (AE) signals are undetectable at super-low temperatures.
Since 2010, Wei Peng has focused his attention on this issue. His team believe that the new fiber-optic AE is a promising research topic, which can meet the demand of signal detection of next-generation spacecraft such as rockets, satellites and space shuttles at super-low temperatures.
Wei Peng has been dedicated to the research of fiber-optic AE technology at super-low temperatures. The traditional AE sensors are usually piezoelectric ceramic sensors, which can only function at normal temperature and pressure. The new fiber-optic AE sensor, by contrast, can work for a long time at super-low temperature down to minus 196℃ (or even lower).
Inspired by the Silica in the Nature
The Earth is a treasury, offering infinite inspirations for scientists. Sand, the natural form of silica which remains stable in any harsh environment, attracted Wei Peng’s attention because of its distinctive features and wide distribution. The stability of sand is attributed to its inorganic chemical compound－silicon dioxide. The compound helps sand endure extremely low or high temperatures, greatly improving the stability and plasticity of the materials.
Sand’s ability to adapt to extreme environment offered inspiration for Wei Peng’s team who used optical fiber, the silicon dioxide material with high purity, to make AE sensors. They adopted a super-weak optical to electrical conversion method to develop the fiber-optic AE sensor that could function at super-low temperature.
Based on the previous research of fiber Bragg grating AE sensors, Wei Peng’s team further developed the fiber-optic ring AE sensors and the optical signal demodulating system, which opened the way to the development of high performance AE sensor that could endure super-low temperature. Besides being able to endure super-low temperature, the new AE sensor also performs as well as the traditional commercial one at normal temperature and is compatible to the commercial AE software and algorithms widely used at present. Meanwhile, the new sensor is resistant to high temperature, electromagnetic interference, high pressure, corrosion and moisture. The fiber-optic AE sensor can be applied to many fields including aviation, aerospace, new energy vehicles, liquefied natural gas carriers, cold chain logistics and the partial discharge and superconducting technology of power transformers.


Fiber-optic AE sensors, the sensing system and the AE signal at liquid nitrogen temperature down to -196℃
Wei Peng highlighted the importance of teamwork and persistence in the interview. He believed that good interaction and cooperation between teachers and students could inspire creativity and vitality of the team. Students worked independently under the guidance of the teacher while striving for the same goal at the same time. Wei Peng said that the process of scientific research was like walking solely along the coast of science and only through constant learning, exploring and introspecting could we reap the rewards.


Associate Professor Wei Peng (in the middle) and some team members
New materials, technology and methods are the driving force of revolution. The fiber-optic AE sensor, whose cost is very low, is expected to replace the traditional sensors supplied by American and Germany manufacturers that have occupied 95% of the AE sensor market at home and abroad. It marks a new breakthrough in the core technology of AE sensors.
  
Reported by Li Peng
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:136
TITLE:Beihang-Developed APSCO-SSS-1 Successfully Launched
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3170.htm
TEXT:
Beihang-Developed APSCO-SSS-1 Successfully Launched
                

                    Release time：October 21, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


At 18:51 on October 14, 2021, China sent its first solar exploration satellite, the APSCO Student Small Satellite (APSCO-SSS-1), into space from the Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center in north China’s Shanxi Province. The satellite was launched aboard a Long March-2D rocket and entered its planned orbit successfully.

APSCO-SSS-1 is the first 30kg class micro-satellite in China that adopts Chinese space project management process and specification, which is jointly developed by students from both domestic and abroad. Teachers and students from Beihang University are responsible for the design and development of its system. It is also the main satellite of the APSCO-SSS Project led by Beihang University.

The APSCO-SSS Project is the first major international project of Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization (APSCO). Officially approved by the APSCO Council in 2015, the launch ceremony of the project was held in 2016, where Beihang University was appointed as the Leading University. The project aims to promote the development and application of small satellite technology in universities of APSCO member states, cultivate talents in space technology and application, and promote the exchange and cooperation of APSCO member states in the field of space technology and application.

In December 2016, the kick-off meeting of the project was held at the headquarters of APSCO. Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, signed a contract with APSCO Secretary General on behalf of Beihang as the Leading University.

In January 2017, Beihang and the Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization (APSCO) signed the APSCO Student Small Satellite project.

Since the project was established in 2016, Beihang has always attached great importance to it, established a special leading group, built corresponding supporting facilities, and set up two command systems to carry out the work. With the school of Astronautics and the International School being the main forces, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronic Engineering as well as a number of other units took an active part in the development of the satellite to ensure the coordinated development of the small satellite and talent training. Over 10 teachers and 100 students have participated in this process.

Based on this project, Beihang has set up 2 series of 12 professional experiments and 3 undergraduate courses, independently developed visual teaching materials, and published more than 10 supporting textbooks and handouts in both Chinese and English. Students involved in this project have published 42 academic papers in top journals and international conferences. The project has also cultivated 49 graduate students domestically, 80% of whom have entered the aerospace sector.


It is reported that for a long time, Beihang has focused on the integrated training of multi-level talents in international aerospace. With the help of major international cooperation projects, Beihang has innovated in the cultivation of international talents for the integration of small satellite technologies.

In 2014, Beihang University established an international graduate program in small satellite technology, and has so far trained 6 sessions of 78 international graduate students in small satellite technology for 13 countries, most of whom have become technical backbones or industry supervisors of small satellite-related departments in their countries.
When the satellite was being launched, there were also a group of Beihangers who stayed on campus to keep an eye on the screen in front of them. They were responsible for observing the satellite dynamics in real time, receiving satellite data, and sending instructions to the satellite. They were located at the APSCO-SSS Ground Measurement, Control and Command Center. The center, completed in 2018 at Beihang, is able to connect the member countries of APSCO.

In the future, member states will build corresponding ground stations to receive, demodulate and decode satellite signals in accordance with the communication system and satellite-to-ground agreement of the APSCO-SSS Project. With the assistance of Beihang University, ground stations of various countries will join the existing satellite ground station network, so as to build a university ground station measurement and control network, realize resource sharing, and maximize the duration of satellite measurement and control. Ground networking and interconnection will also continue to serve education and teaching.

Reported by Wang Qing and Li Mingzhi
Photographed by Song Chao and Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:137
TITLE:Signing Ceremony for Establishment of Sino-French Future Cities Lab Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2433.htm
TEXT:
Signing Ceremony for Establishment of Sino-French Future Cities Lab Held
                

                    Release time：November 12, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, the signing ceremony for the establishment of Sino-French Future Cities Lab was held in Paris. Xu Huibin, President of Beihang Uniersity and Romain Soubeyran, President of Centrale Supélec attended the ceremony.


Hong Guanxin, Dean of Central Pekin of Beihang University, pointed out in the speech that after a year’s planning, promotion and cooperation, the Future Cities Lab is to be fully launched, which is a new realm for joint innovation and cooperation since Paris and Beijing established friendly relationship 30 years ago. It is also a new platform for international cooperation after the foundation of Central Pekin.
Laurent Pandolfi, Director of the Asian Division of International Affairs of Ile-de-France Regional Council, said that the history of cooperation between Beijing and Ile-de-France can be traced back to 1985. The bilateral cooperation in city planning and environment has been very deep. The establishment of the Future Cities Lab is an important measure for the two sides to deepen comprehensive strategic cooperation and provide support for the development in the field of future city research. Then, Prof. Cedric Reigenbach, French laboratory research coordinator, reported the future research fields of the Lab to the representatives.
Sino-French Future Cities Lab will be located in Central Pekin of Beihang University. Taking advantage of the cooperation between Beijing and Ile-de-France, the Lab will build an international and inter-regional long-term exchange and cooperation system in scientific research and talent cultivation. Aiming at the new characteristics, new trends and new technologies of future city development and focusing on key scientific issues in the fields of urban transportation, resource management and health, it will build the basic database, method library, model library and decision support platform for future city research. Also, the Lab will be a new type of think tank for future city research with international influence by proposing policy recommendations and decision support at the strategic level.
  
Reported by Niu Wei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Zhang Wei
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:138
TITLE:Program of 14th Teacher Training Courses for Young Faculty Members Launched at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3024.htm
TEXT:
Program of 14th Teacher Training Courses for Young Faculty Members Launched at Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 22, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On March 15, the Program of the 14th Teacher Training Courses for Young Faculty Members was launched at Beihang. Those who attended the opening ceremony included Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, relevant leaders from the Department of Academic Affairs, Graduate School and Faculty Development Office, the expert team on teacher training and guidance, as well as 176 young teachers from 34 departments. Cao Qinghua, Director of the Department of Academic Affairs, presided over the ceremony.

In his opening remarks, Huang Haijun pointed out that China is now at a critical stage of transformation from a big country to a strong country in education. Teachers are the most important resources of educational development, and they play a substantial role in the prosperity of the country, the rejuvenation of the nation, and the wellbeing of the people. The Party and the state have always attached great importance to the work of teachers. It is emphasized that teaching capabilities should be enhanced and relevant training programs should be carried out in full swing, especially for young teachers. Huang also encouraged young teachers to practice their basic skills, make continuous development and cultivate more talents.

Xu Guoqiang, Vice Dean of the Graduate School, made suggestions on talent cultivation and scientific research. In terms of talent cultivation, he said teachers’ prime responsibility is to teach well and they should always bear the goal of moral achievement and talent cultivation in mind; with regard to scientific research, teachers should consider how to combine scientific research and talent cultivation to improve teaching capabilities. He hoped that young teachers could become excellent by learning from the experienced teachers and accumulating their own skills.
Li Dan, Deputy Director of the Faculty Development Office, introduced Beihang’s measures and explorations in building up the ranks of university teachers from two aspects. Firstly, Beihang focuses on the core issue of classified evaluation, trying to have every teacher find their own way for development. Secondly, Beihang is building ranks of teachers who are excellent in both moral and teaching achievements..
Professor Zhang Youguang, leader of the expert team on teacher training and guidance, introduced the basic training plan and relevant requirements, explaining goals of each training session and background information of major lecturers.
Cao Qinghua put forward several requirements and suggestions from three aspects. One is that all participants should be attentive so as to truly understand the training courses. Secondly, they should pay attention to integrating what is learned in the training with teaching practice. Thirdly, during the training, they should make a plan about what and how to teach in the future with the ambition to make great achievements in teaching.


The first lecture, “Learning from General Secretary Xi Jinping's Important Discourse on Education,” was given by associate professor Wang Na, Vice Dean of the School of Marxism.

This training program is a necessity when selecting new teachers, and it is also a crucial step to strengthening the cultivation of teachers and guiding them to pursue excellence. This year marks the 14th year of the program since its first launch in 2007, during which 1,134 teachers have received their qualified certificates and have become outstanding teachers. Young teachers have taken part in this year’s program with great enthusiasm, with a record high of 176 teachers getting registered.


Reported by Di Linzi
Photographed by Di Bailu and Liu Yaoze
Reviewed by Cao Qinghua
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:139
TITLE:Beihang Students Excel at 8th China Collegiate Computing Contest - Mobile Application Innovation Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3605.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Excel at 8th China Collegiate Computing Contest - Mobile Application Innovation Contest
                

                    Release time：October 9, 2023 / Hu Xueyang
                


Recently, the 8th China Collegiate Computing Contest - Mobile Application Innovation Contest, hosted by the Computer Education Research Association of Chinese Universities and jointly organized by Zhejiang University and Apple Inc., was held in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. More than 2,800 teams from 891 universities and colleges nationwide and abroad participated in the competition. 
Three undergraduate students from Beihang university, namely, Hong Mingkun from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, Wang Yu from the School of New Media Art and Design, and Fan Wu Yunwei from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, formed a cross-disciplinary innovation team and successfully won the first prize of the national award (AR category) with their work Bee Hero. Fang Zhou, an undergraduate studentfrom the Department of Industrial Design of Beihang University, Tang Yilin, a graduate student from the School of Software in Zhejiang University (previously an undergraduate student studied in the Department of Industrial Design of Beihang University from 2018 to 2022), Xu Tianyi, an undergraduate student majoring in computer science in the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences (UCAS), formed an inter-university team and claimed the third national prize with their work Nong Ying. Wang Yun, a faculty member of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, and Shan Wang, a faculty member of the School of New Media Art and Design, received the Outstanding Instructor Award.

China Collegiate Computing Contest (C4) is a science and technology competition for students of various majors in colleges and universities across China. It was jointly founded by the Teaching Guidance Committee for Computer Science Majors in Higher Education Institutions of the Ministry of Education (MOE), the Teaching Guidance Committee for Software Engineering Majors in Higher Education Institutions of the MOE, the Teaching Guidance Committee for Computer Courses in Colleges of Higher Education of the MOE, and the National Association of Higher Education Computer Education in China (NACECECE) in 2016. Since 2019, the “Mobile Application Innovation Competition” has been featured in the “National Colleges and Universities Competition List” by the China Association of Higher Education.



Written by: Fang Zhou, Wang Yun
Reviewed by: Zhang Zhigang
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Hu Xueyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:140
TITLE:Meeting on Adjusting Academic Schedule for 2020 Spring Semester Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2213.htm
TEXT:
Meeting on Adjusting Academic Schedule for 2020 Spring Semester Held
                

                    Release time：February 4, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On Feb. 3, a meeting on adjusting academic schedule for 2020 spring semester was held. Vice President Huang Haijun presided over the meeting.
Huang Haijun stated that the overall schedule for 2020 spring semester remains unchanged, while the originally scheduled holiday will be extended due to the novel coronavirus outbreak. He demanded that all schools and departments should adjust academic schedule in advance.
He urged all school and departments to make self-study plan for their students and adjust the teaching schedule for spring semester. In response to the requirements of Ministry of Education to facilitate home study and research, he suggested the staff to make full use of multiple educational platforms or teaching channels like MOOC, videos recording and live streaming to provide online courses to their students.
Huang Haijun added that the postponement is a great challenge for maintaining a proper order of academic schedule. Schools and departments should be fully prepared and make plan B beforehand.
Cao Qinghua, Director of the Office of Undergraduate Academic Affairs, pointed out that course selection, change of major, supplementary exam, academic performance verification and other academic services for undergraduates will be adjusted accordingly. He suggested different schools to promote cooperation, share resources and experience with each other and make joint efforts to arrange work appropriately.
Xu Guoqiang, Vice Dean of the Graduate School of Beihang University, made a detailed report on graduate cultivation arrangement and suggested graduate advisers to pay close attention to students’ physical health and offer remote guidance for students’ research work.


Reported by Jiang Shan
Edited by Wang Qing
Reviewed by Cao Qinghua
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:141
TITLE:Beihang Professor Published Findings on 3D Pixel Mechanical Metamaterials in Advanced Materials 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2332.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor Published Findings on 3D Pixel Mechanical Metamaterials in Advanced Materials
                

                    Release time：May 20, 2019 / Li Siying
                


The team of Professor Chen Yuli from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering published their research findings online titled “3D Pixel Mechanical Metamaterials” in Advanced Materials on May 10. An innovative material design strategy named mechanical pixel (MP) array design is proposed in the paper aiming to break the limit and exploit more potentialities of metamaterials.
Usually constructed with periodically interconnected building blocks (also called “meta‐atoms”), metamaterials have unprecedented properties and functions such as auxeticity negative compressibility, programmability, and shape‐reconfigurability that facilitate the development of advanced devices and machines.
However, their interconnected building structures limit their applications at the same time. The kinematics of the meta‐atoms are highly coupled and mutually constrained, which hinders large local deformation between the meta‐atoms. In addition, when encountering external loads, the passively induced shear deformation may lead to damage of the materials.
It is noteworthy that high deformation flexibility and load‐bearing robustness of the materials are of great importance and in urgent need in many applications, especially when the materials need not only to transform actively to adjust to circumstances but also to withstand extreme external loads, such as automotive armors, transformable robots, and morphing aircraft. Therefore, the means to gain more flexibility and robustness without sacrificing original performances poses a challenge for material and structure design.
The newly proposed 3D pixelated design strategy comes to the rescue. It is able to form and reconfigure 3D morphologies by tuning the heights (lengths) of the MPs in the array, which is similar to a screen that displays images by adjusting the colors of pixels.
It is first inspired by the spines of the hedgehog. Hedgehogs can erect their spines, which is of use not only to threaten and stab predators, but also to buffer the shock when falling from heights of more than 10m. Moreover, the damage to one spine rarely propagates to any other spines, which means the prevention of further destruction. That is the power of the array structure ubiquitous in nature, where the macroscopic deformation originates from the uncoupled deformations of the individuals.
Similar to the arrangement of hedgehog spines (Fig.1(a)), an array architecture design composed of parallel pillars is proposed. Periodically assembled in a patterned framework, these pillars should have the characteristics of morphing and absorbing mechanical energy. One of the most excellent candidates with these properties is the multistable element architected by bistable units in series (Fig. 1(b)). It can switch among its multiple stable shapes and absorb energy via fully reversible elastic deformation. Moreover, it has a greater tunable mechanical response, larger deformation amplitude, and a greater number of stable shapes compared to other strategies, such as shape memory material and foldable origami. Therefore, the mechanical multistable element is adopted here. To guarantee the kinematic decoupling and the load capability of the pillars, only the axial deformation is allowed because bending is generally inefficient in load‐bearing. Thus, the metamaterials can deform without shear constraint and present abundant 3D configurations.

Fig. 1 The design scheme of 3D pixel mechanical metamaterials
Since the pillars in the array are very similar to the pixels on a screen, i.e., the former form 3D morphologies by varying heights (lengths) while the latter display 2D images by tuning colors. They are defined as mechanical pixels (MPs).
In the meanwhile, inspired by the “flexible drinking straw”, the team implement the design concept in an easily assembled prototype. As the meta atom, the basic unit of the straw-like structure has two required stable states, deploy and retract (Fig. 1(c)), and it can be described by five independent geometry parameters, diameters R and r, the truncated cone angles θ1 and θ2, and the thickness of the wall t (Fig. 1(c)).
Moreover, mechanical design and property prediction for the metamaterials are both greatly simplified due to the pixelated design. For a piece of the 3D pixel metamaterial with m n‐unit MPs, the number of programmable displacement–force curves increases from n+1 to 2m∙n+1, and the number of stable morphologies grows from n+1 to at least (n+1)m. This strategy can be used to enhance the merits and further excavate the potential of versatile metamaterials (Fig. 2).

Fig. 2 The mechanical behaviors of 3D pixel metamaterials
In addition to actively tuning their shapes to program the loading curve, the metamaterials can also be actively morphed to adapt to different environments and applications (Fig. 3). It is expected to be applied to design and fabricate versatile metamaterials or metastructures in many fields, ranging from transformable machinery and robots, to reusable energy absorbers for car accidents and stable landing cushions for recyclable spaceships and rockets, and to material constitutive simulators and mechanical information preservation devices. Additionally, it can be used to enhance the merits and further excavate the potential capabilities of other versatile metamaterials.

Fig. 3 Shape reconfiguration and impact resistance of 3D pixel mechanical metamaterials
The first author of the paper is Doctor Pan Fei, and the correspondent author is Professor Chen Yuli. Professor Yang Jialing of Beihang University and Professor Liu Bin are the co-authors.
The program is funded by the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the New Century Excellent Researcher Award Program by Ministry of Education of China, and Beihang Youth Talents Program.
 

Reported by Lin Xin
Reviewed by Lin Guiping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:142
TITLE:3rd International Engineering Education Forum Opens at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3131.htm
TEXT:
3rd International Engineering Education Forum Opens at Beihang
                

                    Release time：July 7, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


From July 2 to 3, the 3rd International Engineering Education Forum, sponsored by Beihang University and co-organized by the School of General Engineering (SGE) / International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science (IRI), was held at Vision International Cultural Exchange Center.

A total of over 100 distinguished experts from the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Olin College of Engineering, International Federation of Engineering Education Societies (IFEES), Tsinghua University, Peking University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Nanjing University and other famous universities at home and abroad attended the forum.
With the theme "Tackling Grand Challenges with Interdisciplinary Science", the forum featured keynote speeches, round-table conference and free discussions, aiming to explore new patterns for international talent cultivation in a multidisciplinary context. The forum was hosted by Prof. Wen Dongsheng, Dean of SGE/IRI.
Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, delivered an English opening speech at the opening ceremony on the morning of July 3. He introduced the historical evolution of Beihang University, the current situation of its construction development and future goals, artificial intelligence, information technology, and intelligent manufacturing to inspire us to rethink how new engineering education can better cultivate students' multidisciplinary ability to solve complex issues.

Prof. Hans Jürgen Hoyer, Secretary General of IFEES /GEDC, delivered an online opening speech and expressed the blessings for the forum.
Prof. Richard Miller from MIT and Olin College of Engineering made a speech titled "Olin College, The Golden Course Initiative, and the Future of Higher Education", introducing the education practice of Olin College of Engineering and highlighting the importance of attitude, behavior, and motivation in engineering education.
Prof. Lin Jian from Tsinghua University also made a speech titled "The Construction of New Engineering Disciplines — Framework and Implementation". He noted that in the era when new economic development and industrial reform broke through the original discipline and industrial division, we should break through the mindset of traditional discipline, thus break through the original project definition, and surpass traditional engineering professions.
Prof. Song Jie from Peking University gave a speech entitled "International Engineering Education at Peking University Inspired by the Grand Challenges". She believed that sustainable development, safety, health, and happy life were major challenges of the 21st century. As the first Chinese university to join the “Grand Challenge Scholar Program” of the National Academy of Engineering, Peking University aimed to train students to solve major challenges in the 21st century.

Following that, Prof. Wen Dongsheng gave a speech titled "Exploration of New Engineering Education at Beihang University". He introduced the exploration and achievements of Beihang University and the School of General Engineering from the new perspective of engineering. He noted that innovation in interdisciplinary and global environments was an essential feature of new engineering, which required us to change our way of thinking from "being taught" to “learning actively”. Under such circumstances, the School of General Engineering would continue to explore effective ways of future engineering education and focus on cultivating students' ability to deal with complex problems in a rapidly changing world.

In the afternoon, Dr. Ulrich Teichler from the University of Kassel in Germany gave a keynote speech entitled "The Variety of Interdisciplinary Approaches in Engineering Education", emphasizing the importance of interdisciplinary, engineering natural science foundations in engineering education. He also pointed out that engineers should enhance their sense of responsibility and broadly expand their capabilities while cultivating the professional foundations.
The last part of the forum was hosted by Xu Haoqing, Vice Director of the State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China. He said that the "Pioneer Project for an International Model School of Higher Education" was guided by the spirit of the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, with the goal of building world-class universities. It was jointly implemented by the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Education, aiming to establish an international teaching experimental zone, adopt international advanced teaching and management models, and explore the innovation of teaching, scientific research, and management mechanisms.


Since 2018, the International Engineering Education Forum has been successfully held for two sessions, providing a forum for distinguished experts in engineering education to carry out international academic exchanges and discussions.



Reported by Sun Xiaoqian, Dong Lin, Tan Li and Li Mengyao
Photographed by Jin Hui and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Wen Dongsheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:143
TITLE:Beihang Team Wins 1st Prize in 10th CUPT
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2289.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Wins 1st Prize in 10th CUPT
                

                    Release time：August 30, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


Currently, the 10th China Undergraduate Physics Tournament was held at Qingdao University. 65 teams from 64 universities stood out from regional competitions, including Tsinghua University, Peking University, Fudan University, Nanjing University, University of Science and Technology of China and Beihang University. Among them, the team from Beihang performed well and won the first prize with the fifth highest total score. The team is led by Lyu Enze and Li Wei. Its members are Wang Yuheng, Fan Di, Chen Zirui, Pan Yue, and Li Chengdong.


China Undergraduates Physics Tournament (CUPT) is a national event that follows the model of the International Young Physicists' Tournament (IYPT). During the tournament, students are required to conduct in-depth research and a debate on the basic concepts, physical analysis, experimental research, and discussion of the results of a given open physical problem. It aims to enhance the students’ awareness of innovation, team spirit and the ability to exchange and express ideas. In addition, it provides a platform for the universities to exchange and discuss the training mode of high-quality physics talents. It is one of the important innovative competitions to carry out the long-term development plan of education for university students.

Since October last year, with the support of the Office of Academic Affairs, the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering started to hold competitions within the university to select contestants for the tournament. After the regional competition in North China, a group of excellent students emerged. Finally, a team composed of excellent students from different schools of science and engineering took part in a six-week training session during the summer vacation. Under the guidance of teachers, the team members were recognized by the judges for their rigorous scientific spirit, profound academic background, tacit teamwork and excellent psychological quality. Particularly in the presentation and discussion of some topics, their in-depth research and innovative ideas left a deep impression on everyone. 
In recent years, the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering has paid attention to cultivating students' ability to identify, analyze and solve problems independently and devoted itself to the exploration and implementation of research-based teaching mode. CUPT has become a new mode of exploring research-oriented teaching for the whole university.

Reported by Zhang Gaolong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Wang Wenwen
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:144
TITLE:7th Mini Marathon Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2871.htm
TEXT:
7th Mini Marathon Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：December 23, 2020 / Yin Ruyue
                


The 7th Mini Marathon was held in Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus on December 13 and 16, respectively. The event attracted 167 faculty and staff members and 1,561 students. Vice President Liu Shuchun and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo also attended the event.

At the opening ceremony, Liu Shuchun and Cheng Bo delivered speeches respectively, noting that Beihang has always insisted on sports as an important part of education. In terms of competitive sports, Beihang has won many national and Beijing university championships in volleyball and soccer competitions. In terms of mass sports, the "TD Line" has become a unique scenery at Beihang, and the activities of various sports clubs enable students to enjoy the rich and colorful campus life.


Following that, teachers from the sports department led all the participants to warm up. Under the guidance of volunteers, teachers and students gathered in different starting areas divided in accordance with race categories.


There were three race systems in this year’s mini marathon: single race, team race and relay race, among which the team race was further divided into couple run, family and friends run and roommates run. With the snow melting and the wind blowing, the athletes were still enthusiastic.







Sponsored by Sports Department, Department of Student Affairs, Graduate School, Youth League Committee and Labor Union, and organized by the School of Electronic and Information Engineering and Flying College, the Mini Marathon event has fully demonstrated the spirit of Beihang students who are not afraid of hardships and are determined to overcome difficulties.



Reported by Wang Xueyuan
Photographed by Chen Xuhang, Han Zhenghuan, Zhang Keli and Huang Tianjia
Reviewed by Su Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yin Ruyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:145
TITLE:Beihang PhD Student Shao Yixin Wins Best Student Paper Award at 15th IFToMM World Congress
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2298.htm
TEXT:
Beihang PhD Student Shao Yixin Wins Best Student Paper Award at 15th IFToMM World Congress
                

                    Release time：July 19, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                



Recently, the 15th International Federation for the Promotion of Mechanism and Machine Science (IFToMM) World Congress was held at Krakow, Poland. The article entitled “Design of a Novel Compact Adaptive Ankle Exoskeleton for Walking Assistance” written by the team of Prof. Ding Xilun from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation was a finalist in the Best Paper Award competition and won the Best Student Paper Award. Shao Yixin, a PhD student of Beihang, is the first author of this paper, and Zhang Wuxiang, Xu Kun and Ding Xilun are the co-authors.
The congress was attended by more than 400 scholars from 66 countries and regions this year. 457 papers consisting of 403 oral presentations and 54 poster presentations were included in the congress proceedings.

The Chair of IFToMM awarded the certificate to Shao Yixin, the first author of the paper and a PhD student of Beihang

The certificate of the Best Student Paper Award
To overcome the limitation of existing ankle exoskeletons which have low power efficiency and are far from perfect in multitasking adaptation, a novel ankle exoskeleton driven by passively variable stiffness series elastic actuators (SECs) is developed based on the human gait data. The optimized ankle exoskeleton is able to adjust its stiffness on the basis of ankle joint moment and angle. The presented ankle exoskeleton is competent to different walking speeds and different load carriages, and the energy efficiency of the system is improved compared with the conventional ones. The research was funded by the National Natural Science Foundation of China.

The bionic design of ankle exoskeletons
Being the largest international congress in the field of Mechanism and Machine Science, the IFToMM World Congress is hosted by IFToMM every four years, covering all relevant topics in Mechanism and Machine Science including robot and electromechanical integration, computational kinematics, man-machine system, multibody dynamics, biomechanics, connecting rod, cam and so on.

Reported by Liang Yongjian
Photographed by Zhang Wuxiang
Reviewed by Deng Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:146
TITLE:Cranfield Delegation Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2576.htm
TEXT:
Cranfield Delegation Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 26, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


A Cranfield University delegation led by Prof. Philip John, its Pro-Vice-Chancellor, visited Beihang University on the afternoon of September 15th. The delegation met with Prof. Haijun Huang, Vice President of Beihang University, together with representatives from the International Division, the School of Energy and Power Engineering, the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and the School of Transportation Science and Engineering.

Prof. Huang first extended his warm welcome to the delegation and then reviewed the efforts and achievements of cooperation between the two universities. Following him, Prof. John introduced the latest development of Cranfield University and hoped that both sides could join hands in preponderant disciplines and strengthen their cooperation in aeronautic education and research. The attenders fully exchanged their views on topics like research collaboration, joint cultivation of doctoral students and hosting international aerospace seminars together, and reached a consensus during the meeting.

Founded in 1946, Cranfield University focuses on graduate education. It currently has over 4,600 students from more than 100 countries and regions, half of which are international students. It leads the world in aerospace, management and machinery manufacturing, and is also strong in aircraft and engine design, automatic control engineering, manufacturing and materials, defence technology, etc.
Beihang and Cranfield have a long history of cooperation, witnessing frequent exchanges between their professors in a wide range of fields. The Beihang-Cranfield double master degree program established in 2014 is subsidized by the China Scholarship Council.
Written by Mi Zhou
Photos by Chao Song
Edited by Qing Wang
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:147
TITLE:Delegation from Northwest University Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2527.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from Northwest University Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：June 4, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


A delegation of over 30 teachers and students from the College of Business, Northwest University visited the School of General Engineering, Beihang University on the afternoon of May 12. They had a friendly and deep cultural exchange with the students during this visit. Hosted jointly by the School of General Engineering and Fengru College, the event was attended by Zhao Qiudi, Assistant Dean of the School of General Engineering, Liu Xuan, Assistant Secretary of Fengru College, Yu Ying, Students Counsellor of the School of General Engineering and other related people.


Firstly, Zhao Qiudi warmly welcomed the delegation and gave an overall introduction to the personnel training, general education, scientific, technological, artistic and literary activities of students, global cultural exchanges and other fields of the School of General Engineering and Beihang University. Then, Prof. Nelson briefed on the general information of the College of Business, Northwest University and shared the background as well as the meaning of this visit.








After that, students from the two sides discussed three topics in groups, including general education, study methods and skills, and work and internships in China and America. The discussion lasted for about 2 hours in a warm and cordial atmosphere, and students exchanged their contact information and parted on good terms at the end of the exchange. After the meeting, some students accompanied the delegation to visit the campus and cultural souvenir exhibition hall.
Students present at the meeting said that the event opened up their eyes, deepened their understanding of university education and personnel training in China and America, and provide them a platform to make international friends, which will benefit them in terms of study and career choices a lot. Besides, they also expressed their expectation and support for similar cultural exchanges in the future.


  
Released by Zhao Qiudi
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:148
TITLE:Opening Ceremony for 2020 Fresh Students Successfully Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2157.htm
TEXT:
Opening Ceremony for 2020 Fresh Students Successfully Held
                

                    Release time：September 23, 2020 / 
                


At 8 a.m., September 20, the opening ceremony for 2020 fresh students was simultaneously held at both Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus, marking the new journey of 10,572 incoming students at Beihang University.
It is the first ceremony jointly attended by both undergraduates and postgraduates, with a combination of online live-stream and offline experience at the two campuses in a synchronous way.




Among attendees were Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, President Xu Huibin, Chi Jun, Commander-in-Chief of the “Beidou-3” satellite, He Xinzhou, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection, Vice President Liu Shuchun, Vice President Huang Haijun, Vice President Wang Yunpeng, Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee, as well as student, teacher and alumni representatives. The ceremony was hosted by Huang Haijun.
After all the participating students and staff watched a video named "Chasing Your Dreams—A Journey Begins at Beihang", the ceremony officially kicked off in the solemn national anthem.



On behalf of all faculty members and students in Beihang, President Xu Huibin extended warm welcome and sincere congratulations to 10,572 fresh students from nationwide. He then reviewed the past 68-year development of Beihang, encouraging the incoming students to be as diligent and resilient as the seniors, and devote themselves to the nation by fulfilling their missions.
President Xu encouraged all the students to stick to their original aspirations and shoulder more responsibilities amid changing times. Students are expected to inherit the Beihang spirit manifested in “devoting to the nation and daring to be the pioneers”, striving for their dreams in the deeds of national rejuvenation. 

Cao Shumin read out the prize winners of the 2020 “Scholarship for Undergraduate Freshmen” and “Scholarship for New Graduate Students”, and the honorary certificates were presented to the winners onstage by leaders.



Su Qile, a 2020 freshman from Shou’e College, delivered a speech as an undergraduate representative. As a Wuhan citizen, Su’s parents are policemen working on the front line against COVID-19. He shared his expectations for college life and his determination to contribute to the aerospace industry of motherland.

As a representative of new postgraduate students, Yao Zhuo’er from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering expressed his will to devote to the nation by fulfilling his missions and his dertermination to embrace more challenges to be more qualified as a contributor of national rejuvenation.

Li Sai, a PhD studentfrom the School of Microelectronics, shared what she had gained in the past seven years at Beihang. She called on everyone to explore unknown fields, develop an international vision and shoulder grave responsibilities.

Wang Jingyuan from the School of Computer Science and Engineering spoke as a representative of teachers. He shared the stories of his two students who joined the battle against the novel coronavirus, hoping that students could tailor their talents for the strategic needs of the nation.

Chi Jun, Commander-in-Chief of the “Beidou-3” satellite, who obtained his Bachelor’s and Doctoral degrees from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and the School of Astronautics in 1990 and 2016 respectively, gave a speech as the alumni representative. He shared his own experience to inspire the juniors, hoping them to excel the seniors and make further contribution to the aerospace industry.

At the ceremony, the university leaders presented letters of appointment to counselor representatives. Cao Shumin and Xu Huibin presented school badges to the freshmen representatives. All the 2020 fresh students wore their badges on their clothes.






The opening ceremony came to an end with all the faculty members and students chorusing the university anthem “Looking up to the Starry Sky”.



The ceremony was live-streamed on platforms including Weibo, Tik Tok, Kuaishou, Bilibili, Yangshipin.cn and so on. Various news media, such as People's Daily New Media, CCTV News, People's Video, Xuexi Qiangguo and Beijing Daily, made live coverage of the event. It is estimated that 2 million audiences watched the event online.






Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Liu Yaoze, Tian Wenhao, Wang Zhen, Zhang Kan and Wu Shaofei
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu and Xiong Ting
Designed by Wu Haojing
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:149
TITLE: Nobel Prize Winner Dr. Samuel Chao Chung Ting Gives High-level Academic Report to 16th “Challenge Cup” Contestants
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2254.htm
TEXT:
Nobel Prize Winner Dr. Samuel Chao Chung Ting Gives High-level Academic Report to 16th “Challenge Cup” Contestants
                

                    Release time：November 11, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


 
On the morning of November 8, Novel Prize winner Dr. Samuel Chao Chung Ting was invited to deliver a high-level academic report at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. In waves of applause, Academician Ting gave an account of the forty years’ outcomes achieved together with Chinese scientists to all the 16th “Challenge Cup” contestants and tutors as well as Beihang teachers and students. Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin attended the report meeting, which was presided over by Vice President Huang Haijun.

After a brief introduction, the 83-year old academician delivered the audience a one and a half hours’ academic report. Based on the theme of “forty years’ outcomes achieved together with Chinese scientists”, he introduced three major experiments that involved cooperation with Chinese scholars: the experiment in 1970s that discovered gluons in Germany’s PETRA, the 30 billion electron volts collider; the L3 Detector experiment conducted in the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) in 1980s; and the AMS Detector experimented in the International Space Station (ISS) since 1990s.
“China is home to many world-class scientists who specialize in experimental physics, and they are equipped with enough imagination, experience and capabilities to develop new technologies and lead international cooperation. China accounts for one fifth of the world’s population and its scientific achievements should grow in proportion to the population growth,” said Ting in his report.

In terms of scientific research, he added that most of his experiments did not win support from all people because there was little chance of success considering their values and difficulties. “But that is the real fun which you can find in something you have never tried,” Dr. Ting pointed out. From his perspective, the most important for high-end physical experiments is not scientists’ background or basic knowledge but their confidence, curiosity and imagination.

At the meeting, Professor Ting encouraged young people to do things they think are important in their limited life span. “When I began to learn physics, my parents both strongly disapproved of my choice and told me that learning physics required more talent. In other words, they thought I did not have such talent. Unfortunately, my parents did not live long enough to see how wrong they were,” said he.
According to Professor Ting, over the past forty years, many outstanding scientists have made significant contributions to his experiments, including scholars from the Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology, China Academy of Space of Technology, Beihang University and Shandong University. Dr. Ting particularly expressed his gratitude by mentioning hundreds of names of his collaborators in the report.

During the discussion and interaction with students, Dr. Ting looked back on his own university life and answered questions with great patience. At the end of the meeting, Secretary Cao honored Academician Ting with the certificate of honor for delivering a lecture as part of the Beihang Lecture Program.

Academician Ting, winner of the Nobel Prize in physics, is Thomas Dudley Cabot Institute Professor of Physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a member of the National Academy of Sciences as well as the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Besides, he is also a member of the Academy of Sciences of many countries, including the former Soviet Union, Russia, China and Germany. Furthermore, Dr. Ting is the first Nobel Prize winner in physics to deliver his acceptance speech in Chinese.


Photographed by Di Bailu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:150
TITLE:14 Beihang Teachers Granted National Science Fund for Excellent Young Scholars 2018
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2483.htm
TEXT:
14 Beihang Teachers Granted National Science Fund for Excellent Young Scholars 2018
                

                    Release time：August 21, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The results of grants application for the year 2018 were officially released by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) recently. This year, 400 research projects were granted the National Science Fund for Excellent Young Scholars, among which 14 applications submitted by Beihang were approved, ranking 4th among all universities in China.
The National Science Fund for Excellent Young Scholars was launched in 2012. As a type of talent project series, it forms an effective connection with the Young Scientists Fund program and the program of National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars, promoting the rapid growth of innovative young talents. It mainly supports young science and technology personnel with 5-10 years’ research experience, who have obtained some scientific achievements in their research fields and can independently choose research direction for carrying out basic research. It aims to cultivate outstanding academic scholars who keep advancing, searching and creating in the front edge of scientific research.
The 14 Beihang awardees of the NSFC Excellent Young Scholars Program are Liu Zhiqi from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, Cai Kaiquan from School of Electronic and Information Engineering, Li Haiwang and Sun Dakun from the School of Energy and Power Engineering, Tong Yongxin and Du Bowen form the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Wen Li from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, Xia Yong from the School of Mathematics and Systems Science, Wang Lizhen form the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Tian Daxin form the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, Li Daqing from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, Zheng Shiqiang form the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering, Man Xingkun from the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering, and Wang Hua from the School of Chemistry.
 
Reported by Du Runqiu
Edited by Yu Min and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:151
TITLE:Opening Ceremony of “ShenFei Cup” and Awarding Ceremony of Fifth Aerospace Photography Competition Held at Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2278.htm
TEXT:
Opening Ceremony of “ShenFei Cup” and Awarding Ceremony of Fifth Aerospace Photography Competition Held at Beihang University
                

                    Release time：September 23, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


 
Together with the awarding ceremony of the Fifth Aerospace Photography Competition, “ShenFei Cup” , which celebrates the 70th anniversary of founding of the People’s Republic of China, was inaugurated at Air and Space Museum of Beihang University on the morning of September 19.

During the ceremony, Xu Zugen, chairman of the Photojournalist Society of China and Zhang Guang, Vice President of Beihang University delivered speeches separately to congratulate the 7oth anniversary of founding of PRC and spoke highly of the patriotism of Beihangers in serving the country.

The Organizing Committee received more than ten thousand works from over 500 photographers and amateurs from all walks of life throughout the country, including respectable heroic astronauts, test or full-time pilots, aviation workers, UAV aerial photography enthusiasts, astrophotography enthusiasts, and the employees from nine systems of state-owned enterprises such as Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC), China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC), China Aerospace Science & Industry Corp, Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), etc. With the unique artistic form and visual angle of photography, these works focus on the theme of the 70th anniversary of PRC founding and present the great changes that have taken place in all professions and trades in the past 70 years, especially in the field of aeronautics and astronautics.

Mou Jianwei, Director of Imaging Research Institute of Beihang Culture Media Group and Director of Aerospace Professional Committee of the Photojournalist Society of China, noted that among those photographs, the most brilliant presentations are always those in rare subjects and difficult to be captured.
After rigorous selection, 24 of 150 works stood out and won 24 different awards. At the end of the ceremony, Xu Zugen announced that he would donate these award-winning classics to Air and Space Museum of Beihang University.

“ShenFei Cup” Aerospace Photography Competition has been held for five sessions, which has received strong support from AVIC Shenyang Aircraft Company Limited. The award-winning works will be exhibited in Photo Beijing at China Millennium Monument, and then in Beijing, Shenyang, Rizhao and other places. They will also be published in Kong Zhong Kan Zhong Guo (Aerial China), which was edited by Beihang University Press to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China. In addition, some of them will be recommended to the mainstream media such as the People's Daily and Guangming Daily.



Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:152
TITLE:Beihang Leaders Take Group Photos with 2023 Graduates
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3537.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Leaders Take Group Photos with 2023 Graduates
                

                    Release time：June 13, 2023 / Hu Xueyang
                


On the mornings of June 8th and 9th, 3,725 graduating undergraduates from 31 schools assembled on the squares in the two campuses of Beihang University to take group photos. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Deputy Party Secretary and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Zhang Hailan, Deputy Party Secretary Cheng Bo, Vice President Lyu Weifeng, as well as heads, teachers and student advisers from various schools attended the grand event and took photos with the graduates, extending their best wishes for them.


After taking the group photos, the graduates flocked to the university leaders and their teachers to take photos as a memento, expressing their sincere gratitude to the alma mater. The amiable leaders sent blessing messages to the graduates and kindly inquired about their employment conditions and future plans, encouraging them to inherit the Beihang Spirit wholeheartedly in the future and shoulder the responsibilities courageously in the new era.


Immersed in the vibrant atmosphere, every graduate was full of youthful vitality. Special interactive graduation photo boards were set in the two campuses, which have attracted lots of graduates to pose in front of them to shoot valuable photos and videos.


Graduation group photos not only carry the university’s ardent expectation to the graduates, but also convey students’ deep and sincere love to their alma mater. Wish all the graduates a shining future!







Reported by Zhang Tongyu and Hu Tianhao
Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao and Wang Shuoxin
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Hu Xueyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:153
TITLE:COMAC-Beihang Large Aircraft Research Institute Unveiled
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3443.htm
TEXT:
COMAC-Beihang Large Aircraft Research Institute Unveiled
                

                    Release time：March 6, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On March 1, Beihang University held the signing and inauguration ceremony for the joint construction of the Large Aircraft Research Institute between Beihang and Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd. (COMAC) at the Shahe campus.

The signing ceremony
Among the attendees were COMAC Secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman of the Board He Dongfeng, COMAC Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee and General Manager Zhou Xinmin, COMAC Member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee and Deputy General Manager Wei Yingbiao, Chief Scientist and Academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering Wu Guanghui, COMAC Secretary of the Board and Director of the Office of the Board Zhang Jun, as well as Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Academicians Zhang Yanzhong and Su Donglin, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and Director of Large Aircraft Research Institute Xiang Jinwu, and Vice Presidents Tao Zhi and Liu Shuchun. President Wang Yunpeng presided over the ceremony.

Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Changlu delivering a speech
In his speech, Zhao Changlu paid high tribute to COMAC for its always serving the country's major strategic needs and developing advanced equipment for the country, and expressed his heartfelt thanks to COMAC for its long-standing support to Beihang. Zhao Changlu said that Beihang and COMAC have deep historical roots, emotional ties and a foundation for cooperation. It is hoped that with the joint efforts of both sides, the Institute will become a high-end think tank for the strategic development of China’s large aircraft, a backbone of basic research, an innovative pioneer of cutting-edge exploration, a training base for high-end talent, a shared platform for major test facilities, and a model for the deep integration of the innovation chain and industry chain, providing strong support for the development of China’s large aircraft cause.

COMAC Secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman He Dongfeng delivering a speech
He Dongfeng expressed his sincere gratitude to Beihang University, academicians and experts who have been caring for and supporting the development of the large aircraft. He said that the achievements of large aircraft research could not have been attained without the active participation and collaboration of Beihang University. Over the past decade, the two sides have maintained good cooperation in talent cultivation, model development and technical capability enhancement. He hoped both sides could take the establishment of COMAC-Beihang Large Aircraft Research Institute as a new starting point to further implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions on the large aircraft cause, improve the product layout, promote the industrialized development of large aircraft business in a large-scale and ecological manner, so as to make new contributions to this cause as well as the construction of a country with strong aviation power.

Beihang President Wang Yunpeng hosting the ceremony
Wang Yunpeng extended his warm welcome to the visit of COMAC delegation. He noted that the two sides have been in close contact and deep cooperation, and through the combination of demand-pull and technology-push, have jointly built a collaborative innovation mechanism which combined domestic and international strengths and with COMAC and Beihang as the core, garnering a series of achievements. In the future, both sides should follow the principle of “long-term cooperation and win-win development”, take the opportunity of jointly building the Institute to thoroughly implement the innovation-driven development strategy of the Party Central Committee and the State Council, build a country with strong aviation power, realize the long-term sustainable development of large aircraft, and jointly promote the technological progress and talent training in China.
On behalf of the preparatory working group of the Large Aircraft Research Institute, Pan Chong from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering introduced to the guests the background of the establishment of the Institute as well as its institutional setup, construction concept and operation mechanism.

The two sides signing the COMAC-Beihang Large Aircraft Research Institute co-construction agreement

He Dongfeng, Zhao Changlu, Zhou Xinmin and Wang Yunpeng inaugurating the Institute

He Dongfeng and Zhao Changlu presenting the appointment letter to Academician Zhang Yanzhong
Wei Yingbiao and Tao Zhi signed the co-construction agreement on behalf of COMAC and Beihang University respectively. He Dongfeng, Zhao Changlu, Zhou Xinmin and Wang Yunpeng unveiled the plaque for the Institute together. He Dongfeng and Zhao Changlu jointly presented the letter of appointment to Academician Zhang Yanzhong as the Director of the Advisory Committee of the Institute.
Before the inauguration ceremony, He Dongfeng and his delegation also visited several important laboratories in Beihang.

Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:154
TITLE:251 Beihang Volunteers Serve Beijing 2022 Winter Paralympics, One Receives Volunteer STAR Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3257.htm
TEXT:
251 Beihang Volunteers Serve Beijing 2022 Winter Paralympics, One Receives Volunteer STAR Award
                

                    Release time：March 16, 2022 / Xu Ziqing
                


The closing ceremony of the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games came to an end at the National Stadium on March 13. Team China nabbed 18 gold medals, 20 silvers and 23 bronzes at the Games and ranked first in both gold count and overall medal count, achieving the best-ever results in China's Winter Paralympic history. Some teachers, students and volunteers from Beihang University watched the closing ceremony on the scene.


In the "Appreciation to Volunteers" session, Zhang Yan from Beihang University came on stage as one of the six volunteer representatives, and received a gift from the newly elected members of the IPC Athletes' Commission for her outstanding performance at the Games.


At the event, a number of student and faculty volunteers from Beihang University also appeared in a volunteer-themed video played at the scene, including Song Shuyang, Jing Yanqi, Zhu Zhaopeng, Wu Jiaxin, Dong Xinzhe, etc.







During the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and Paralympics, Zhang Yan served as a volunteer escort for doping control work at the National Alpine Skiing Centre, and she has escorted more than 200 athletes with a total service time of nearly 450 hours.

Despite the cold temperatures, complex terrain and high winds, she overcomed various difficulties such as writing with frozen fingers, breathing under thick protective suit, and language barriers. With her excellent qualities as a female pilot and the spirit of Beihang students, Zhang integrated her professional training experience in flight technology into the Winter Paralympics services, so as to fulfill all tasks calmly and work well with the team. Her team laid a solid foundation for the anti-doping task and she was finally awarded the title of Volunteer STAR.

Zhang Yan and her parents have been working respectively in the Yanqing and Beijing competition zones early before the Chinese New Year. During the two months of closed-loop management, Zhang Yan and her parents made video calls at least once a week to exchange their experiences and ideas on problem solving. They shared the results with team members in an effort to improve the efficiency and service level of the entire team. The story of "a family of three serving for the Winter Olympics" has won universal praise, and was reported by CCTV, Beijing TV and other mainstream media.

“You are the beating heart of the Paralympic Games, your enthusiasm gives us energy and inspires everyone," said IPC President Parsons in his speech. This is also a full recognition and inspiration for all Beihang volunteers, just like Zhang Yan.
In the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games, a total of 251 volunteers from Beihang University were assigned to the National Alpine Skiing Centre, Banquan Comprehensive Service Center, Headquarters for venues in Yanqing Competition Zone and transportation facilities guarantee. With their efforts, the Winter Olympic Games and the Winter Paralympic Games were smoothly connected and both achieved great success.



Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xu Ziqing
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:155
TITLE:Beihang 67th Anniversary Carnival Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2260.htm
TEXT:
Beihang 67th Anniversary Carnival Held
                

                    Release time：October 29, 2019 / 
                


On October 26, a fun-filled carnival marking the 67th anniversary of Beihang University enlivened the two campuses of the university. More than 100 carnival booths hosted by over 30 schools or organizations were set up at the open area in front of Beijing Air and Space Museum on Xueyuanlu Campus, as well as at the crossroads to student dormitories on Shahe Campus.

The carnival in celebration of Beihang’s 67th anniversary

The carnival booths
2019 marks not only the 67th anniversary of Beihang University, but also the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China. On October 1, 2019, China’s National Day, around 4,000 Beihang students and faculty members marched through Tian’anmen Square as part of the civilian parade. To relive the glorious moment, display panels decorated with elements of China’s National Day parade were placed at the venue.

The student wearing the same costume as he did at the 2019 China’s National Day parade took photos against the panel
Performances were staged at 10 a.m. Students who are members of military reserve forces, Beihang choirs and students from different student organizations or schools put on splendid shows at the Xueyuanlu Campus, while tap dance, saxophone solo, band show, magic show and dombra playing were performed at the Shahe campus.

Students who are members of military reserve forces performed on the stage

The show of the choir

The tap dance
Besides, by participating in various activities, students expressed their wishes to Beihang in forms of writing down congratulatory notes, playing interactive games, taking photos with iconic buildings of the university and so on.





The carnival not only helps students gain a better understanding of the campus culture of Beihang, but also enhances students’ sense of belonging to the university.



Reported by Huang Dao and Wang Tao
Photographed by Shen Yanzhe, Yin Jiangxushan, Li Miao, Gao Runqi and Xu Chang
Reviewed by Li Yamei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Xiong Ting
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:156
TITLE:Beihang Students Participate in Information and Science Summer Program Held by UIUC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2464.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Participate in Information and Science Summer Program Held by UIUC
                

                    Release time：September 28, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Recently, 40 students from 14 schools and colleges of Beihang University participated in the three-week Information and Science Summer Program held in the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign(UIUC).




The courses offered in this summer program were divided into two directions: information science & engineering and accounting & finance, which respectively covered three courses and were taught by famous professors of this university. Adopting interactive teaching as the main method, the professors organized various teaching forms such as consulting materials, group discussion and class demonstration. The study and life there not only provided an opportunity to cultivate students’ ability to analyze problems, learn independently and cooperate with others, but also enabled students to fully experience advanced education teaching modes and colorful campus life in American universities.




During their stay, the students also visited Springfield, Illinois and the East Coast. The students were steeped in the beautiful campus, free culture and strong academic atmosphere of American universities when they toured various American top universities like Princeton University and Columbia University. Besides, sightseeing in Chicago, Washington, Philadelphia, New York and other places, the students deeply experienced the local customs and practices of the United States and gained a further understanding of the American history, system construction and public services, which greatly increased their knowledge and broadened their horizons.


Founded in 1867, UIUC is one of the prominent science and technology universities in America. UIUC, together with the University of California, Berkeley and the University of Michigan, forms the “Three Giants” among American public universities. The university ranks 69th in 2018 QS World University Rankings. UIUC summer program, which was initiated in 2013, is mainly open to students from its partner universities. Beihang has organized its students to participate in the program for six times. 
Reported by Shen Yifan
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:157
TITLE:Beihang 70th Anniversary Series: A Bite of Beihang — The Sixth Annual “Twelve Dishes of Hang” Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3398.htm
TEXT:
Beihang 70th Anniversary Series: A Bite of Beihang — The Sixth Annual “Twelve Dishes of Hang” Competition
                

                    Release time：November 4, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On the afternoon of October 28, Beihang‘s sixth “Twelve Dishes of Hang” competition, a taste-off of delicious Chinese cuisines, was held. Among the attendees were Vice President Zhang Hailan, Ji Suju, former secretary of Discipline Inspection Commission and chairman of trade union, teacher and student representatives, and experts from Tsinghua University, Peking University, Beijing Institute of Technology, Renmin University of China, China Agricultural University and Beijing Normal University.


After careful planning and preparation, the sixth “Twelve Dishes of Hang” grew more innovative and distinctive, with the final competition being held at Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus simultaneously and broadcast online. Judges made up of professionals as well as teachers and students were invited to score the cuisines on the spot.




On the occasion of the successful conclusion of the 20th CPC National Congress and the 70th Anniversary of Beihang University, this year’s event involved special elements of the anniversary. Before the competition, attendees cut cakes together to celebrate.


It was time for the main dishes to arrive. The chefs carried out the steaming dishes one by one, and each plate featured varied colors, enticing aromas, and beautiful presentation. The gallery section of creative dishes and local snacks attracted many hands jamming for a try. Flying pastry, hand-pulled noodles, dough figurines and sugar figurines showed chefs’ cooking skills and amazed the audience.















In the practice part, students learned to make wonton from chefs. They said that making food themselves brought them not only joy but also tasty cuisine.


According to judges’ appraisal and previous online voting, twelve dishes were selected as the sixth " Twelve Dishes of Hang”. All the twelve dishes are supplied in canteens currently.






The first competition in 2017 was warmly received and widely recognized, and now it has become an iconic event at Beihang. The event is aimed at promoting Beihang’s cuisine culture by founding the brand dishes of the canteens. It also has the goal of improving the quality of the meals served and the creativity of the chefs so as to meet the growing expectations from the teachers and students for better service.


Reported by Han Yuefeng
Photographed by Di Bailu, Chen Jiaheng, Qin Yuhang, et al.
Reviewed by Xiao Hong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:158
TITLE:Team of Prof. Zhao Weisheng Publishes Research Article in Nature Electronics
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2425.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Zhao Weisheng Publishes Research Article in Nature Electronics
                

                    Release time：November 22, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


On November 12, 2018, the team of Prof. Zhao Weisheng published a research article entitled “Field-free switching of a perpendicular magnetic tunnel junction through the interplay of spin–orbit and spin-transfer torques” in Nature Electronics online. Wang Mengxing, a doctoral student graduated in 2017, Cai Wenlong, a postgraduate enrolled in 2016, Zhu Daoqian, a doctoral student enrolled in 2017 and Wang Zhaohao, an assistant professor, are co-first authors. Prof. Zhao Weisheng is the corresponding author, and Beihang University is the signature unit of the first authors. This research is supported by the Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data and Brain Computing of Beihang University, the National Natural Science Foundation of China and the National Science and Technology Attack Plan, and it is guided by Prof. Albert Fert from University of Paris-Saclay, Prof. Jian-PingWang from University of Minnesota, Jimmy Kanand Chando Park from Qualcomm Technologies, etc.
In addition, Nature Electronics published an editorial entitled “Devices with a spin” on this research in November, and invited Prof. Pedram Khalili Amiri from the Physical Electronics Laboratory of Northwestern University who is a well-known expert in the field of spintronics to give a special report named “Spin torques join forces in amemory device” in the News & Views section.
The research is the first to demonstrate field-free switching of three-terminal perpendicular-anisotropy magnetic tunnel junction (p-MTJ) devices through the interaction between spin–orbit torques (SOT) and spin-transfer torques (STT). It shows that the threshold current density of SOT switching can be reduced by increasing the STT current density, thus low-power switching in magnetic tunnel junctions can be achieved. It also provides a solution to the excessive area occupied by three-terminal spin-orbit torque memory. 
Conventional integrated circuit was based on the transistor technology, which has developed rapidly for more than half a century and boosted the information industry. However, when the size of the devices were further reduced, a lot of problems came up as it failed to fulfill a high level of performance required by some new applications such as big data, cloud computing and internet of things. Spintronics is an important emerging interdisciplinary subject in the past 30 years. It comes up with a novel way of utilizing the spin of electrons instead of charge properties to store and calculate data, thus has great advantages such as non-volatility and radiation resistance.  
As one of the core devices of spintronics, p-MTJ has been discussed extensively. At present, there are two main technical means to switch p-MTJ: the use of STT and SOT. STT-MRAM, the core product of STT has a better performance than Flash and enjoys broad application prospects. In 2018, Intel Corporation, Samsung Electronics, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company and GLOBALFOUNDRIES, the four leading enterprises in the field of microelectronics manufacturing have announced volume production of STT-MRAM, but are still confronted with technological problems. Although those problems encountered by STT can be solved by SOT, the practical application of SOT is hindered by its symmetry. In recent years, many scholars have been working on this problem and have proposed various solutions, most of which are not compatible with existing magnetic storage technology. 
In 2014, the team of Prof. Zhao Weisheng put forward the design of a device combining SOT and STT, which means that SOT rotates the magnetic torque to the inside and STT break the symmetry of SOT in order to achieve deterministic switching of p-MTJs. This plan does not require any modification to the structure or materials of traditional SOT devices, and it is completely compatible with magnetic storage technology and easy to manufacture, so its prospect in application is broad. After four years of hard work. the team of Prof. Zhao Weisheng have succeeded in the design and manufacture of SOT device with Ta/CoFeB/MgO/CoFeB as its core. They first verified the feasibility of SOT+STT internationally. The research results have been patented in the U.S. and possess great potential in application.


SOT+STT scheme and core structure of the device
The research article:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41928-018-0160-7
  
Reported by Zhu Daoqian
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lu Baihui
Reviewed by Zhao Weisheng
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:159
TITLE:Three Professors and Nine Alumni of Beihang Newly Named as CAS and CAE Members
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3201.htm
TEXT:
Three Professors and Nine Alumni of Beihang Newly Named as CAS and CAE Members
                

                    Release time：November 19, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On November 18, three professors and nine alumni of Beihang University have been honored as new members of the Chinese Academy of Science (CAS) and the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE).
Currently working at Beihang, the three faculty members elected are Qian Depei (CAS academician), Wang Yunpeng and Wang Zili (CAE academicians).
Qian Depei, a professor at the School of Computer Science and Engineering and a fellow of the China Computer Federation (CCF), received the master's degree from the University of North Texas, Denton, Texas in 1984. From 1991 to 1992, he was a senior visiting scholar at the University of Hannover, Germany. He has been working on computer architecture and high performance computing system for many years. He presided over the research and development of a national high performance computing network (CNGrid), and proposed a systematic method to improve multi-core parallel programming. As the chief scientist of the national key R&D project on high performance computing, Prof. Qian established the architecture and technical scheme of high performance computers, bringing about the leapfrog development in this field. He holds 30 authorized invention patents and has published over 400 papers in journals and conferences.

Qian Depei, CAS academician
Wang Yunpeng, a professor at the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, received the Ph.D. degree from Jilin University in 1997. He worked as a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Kansas, USA, from 2001 to 2002. He has long been engaged in the research of intelligent transportation systems, and has made outstanding achievements in traffic safety monitoring, integrated control of road networks and other related aspects. He has won two second prizes of National Science and Technology Progress Award and other four first prizes at provincial or ministerial level. He has formulated 8 national and industry standards, written 6 monographs, and published 163 papers in SCI/ EI journals. He also holds 51 patents for invention.

Wang Yunpeng, CAE academician
Wang Zili is a professor, Ph.D. supervisor and the secretary of the Party Committee of the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering. He received the M.S. degree in reliability and systems engineering from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, Beihang University in 1988. Prof. Wang has been engaged in the theoretical research of reliability and systems engineering and the practice of major project management. The research results have been successfully applied in the development of several major models, playing an important role in accelerating the technical reform of quality design and opening up a new path in reliability and systems engineering in China. He has won two second prizes of National Science and Technology Progress Award and four first prizes of provincial and ministerial science and technology progress awards. Prof. Wang holds more than 30 patents for invention, and has published more than 140 high-level academic papers and 7 monographs.

Wang Zili, CAE academician
The nine newly elected Beihang alumni are four CAS academicians including Li Zhi, Fan Ruixiang, Ding Chibiao and Yu Dengyun, and five CAE academicians including Xing Liying, Wu Jianqi, Zhu Kun, Wang Xiangming and Yang Hong.
Li Zhi was enrolled as an undergraduate majoring in Electromagnetic Fields and Microwave Techniques in the School of Electronics and Information Engineering in 1979 and as a master student in 1983. He is the vice director of the Science and Technology Committee of the China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation (CASIC) and director of the Science and Technology Committee of the Institute of the Second Academy, CASIC.

Li Zhi, CAS academician
Fan Ruixiang, enrolled as an undergraduate in Welding Engineering in the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation in 1981, is the chief designer of Long March 7A carrier rocket and a member of the International Academy of Astronautics.

Fan Ruixiang, CAS academician
Ding Chibiao received his bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees from the School of Electronics and Information Engineering, Beihang University. He is now a research fellow with the Aerospace Information Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences.

Ding Chibiao, CAS academician
Yu Dengyun was admitted as a Ph.D. candidate to the School of Astronautics, Beihang University in 2001. He is the vice director of the Science and Technology Committee of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, deputy chief designer of China's lunar exploration program, and a member of the International Academy of Astronautics.

Yu Dengyun, CAS academician
Xing Liying received her bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, Beihang University. She is the chief scientist of the AVIC Composite Technology Center and vice president of the Chinese Society for Multiple Materials.

Xing Liying, CAE academician
Wu Jianqi was enrolled as an undergraduate majoring in Electronic Engineering in the School of Electronics and Information Engineering in 1983. He is the chief scientist of the China Electronics Technology Group Corporation.

Wu Jianqi, CAE academician
Zhu Kun was enrolled as an undergraduate majoring in Missile Design in the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering in 1984 and as a master student in 1988. He is the vice director of the Science and Technology Committee of the Third Academy of CASIC, where he also serves as the chief designer of key models.

Zhu Kun, CAE academician
Wang Xiangming was admitted as a Ph.D. candidate to the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, Beihang University in 2003. He is the chief designer in Shenyang Aircraft Design and Research Institute under Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC), executive deputy chief designer of “Huying” fighter jet, and chief expert in additive manufacturing in AVIC.

Wang Xiangming, CAE academician
Yang Hong was admitted as a Ph.D. candidate to the School of Astronautics, Beihang University in 2013. He is the chief designer of the manned space station system at the Fifth Academy of Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation and responsible chief designer of Tianhe's core module.

Yang Hong, CAE academician


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:160
TITLE:6,650 New Graduates Embark on a New Journey at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3358.htm
TEXT:
6,650 New Graduates Embark on a New Journey at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 2, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


On August 31, 6,650 new graduates from all over the country were enrolled by Beihang University.




During the orientation, President Xu Huibin, Vice President Zhang Hailan, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo and other leaders greeted the new graduates personally and encouraged them to improve professional skills and enrich life experiences.


Beihang University has made meticulous preparations to create a convenient and warm atmosphere for newcomers, with voluntary services put on standby at different airports and railway stations. Pre-arranged buses drove newcomers directly to the two campuses.





After passing through the temperature measurement area with the green “Campus Access Card” and admission letter in hand, the newcomers entered the orientation site for vaccination and identification verification.







The theme of 2022 graduate orientation is “serve the country and lead the future”. The university prepared newcomers with a carnival, including five special activities, helping students quickly integrate into Beihang, feel its profound love for the country and celebrate its 70th anniversary.






Besides, relevant departments have also set up consultation points in the orientation area for newcomers’ inquiry about the payment of tuition fees, campus services and other related issues.



Afterwards, the new students went to their school points respectively in the orientation area for registration and got their campus cards and related materials. They signed and took photos in front of the photo boards, creating new memories with Beihang.




The new students either took the ferry or strolled around the campus, checked in to their respective dormitories and decorated their new home together with their roommates.


On the special occasion of the 20th National Congress of CPC and Beihang’s 70th anniversary, the 2022 new graduates embark on a new journey at Beihang!





Reported by Ma Jun, Zhang Rui and Gong Han
Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao, Zhu Quan, Tian Wenhao and Chen Jiaheng
Reviewed by Zhao Weisheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:161
TITLE:CGTN：Space Science Education: UNOOSA Expects More Chinese Leadership
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2235.htm
TEXT:
CGTN：Space Science Education: UNOOSA Expects More Chinese Leadership
                

                    Release time：December 10, 2019 / CGTN
                


The United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs (UNOOSA) has celebrated the fifth anniversary of its center for space science and technology education in China.
The office has welcomed China's support for the UN-affiliated institution, saying the country has forged partnerships that have benefited scholars in the Asia-Pacific region and the rest of the world.
"It does reflect much collaboration with the government of China, with different agencies. There's a lot of collaborations not only in Asia-Pacific but also worldwide," said Luc St-Pierre, senior program officer for the UNOOSA, adding, "It reflects an openness to share knowledge, experiences and facilities that is unique, so we very much appreciate that."

Luc St-Pierre, senior programme officer of the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs. /Beihang University Photo
The Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific (China), opened five years ago in Beijing's Beihang University, an institution at the forefront of space science education in China.
Xu Huibin, president of the university, said the school has aimed to build the center into a global platform for space science academic exchange. So far, it has attracted hundreds of international students from 24 countries and provided over 300 scholarships.
Brazilian student Leticia Barros is one of those who enrolled in a master program in micro-satellite technology a year ago.
"Beihang is a big university for aerospace engineering, not only in China but also in the world. I've seen articles from Beihang before coming to China when I was doing research. I was like, okay, now I have the chance to go there. I'm glad I came," said Barros smiling.
The center has also partnered with institutions across the region. Wu Yanhua, deputy director of the China National Space Administration, said cooperation of such kind will continue for the benefit of mankind.

Wu Yanhua, deputy director of the China National Space Administration. /Beihang University Photo
"China will further open up to co-develop with other regional centers and promote space technology in the Asia-Pacific for more win-win results," said the deputy director.
The UNOOSA plans to further collaborate with China in space science and technology education, and it expects the country to show more leadership in cultivating international talent for the future.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:162
TITLE:7th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2225.htm
TEXT:
7th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
                

                    Release time：December 25, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


On December 21, the 7th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held at the Vision International Cultural Exchange Center. The forum was hosted by Beihang University and organized by Human Resources Department, High-level Talents Center and International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science. Among attendees were a total of 180 young scholars from world-class universities and scientific research institutes including the University of Cambridge, Stanford University, Yale University, the National University of Singapore and Purdue University, experts specializing in different fields, Beihang Vice President Wang Yunpeng, together with deans and secretaries of relevant schools. The opening ceremony of the forum was chaired by Zhuang Yan, Deputy Director of the Human Resources Department.

The 7th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars

The 7th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars
During the forum, Prof. Wang Yunpeng delivered an opening speech on behalf of Beihang. He expressed his sincere congratulations on the successful opening of the forum and warm welcome to all young scholars from home and abroad. Prof. Wang pointed out that Beihang University is a highly-responsible university with its unique spirit and Beihang students have a strong sense of patriotism for serving the nation in space and the “to-be-first” innovative spirit, sharing the weal and woe with our nation. 
Prof. Wang noted that Beihang has made great efforts to deepen the personnel system reform to establish a complete system for the development of teachers in recent years. First of all, under the background of the nation-wide campaign of “Eliminating Five Orientations (paper-oriented, position-oriented, title-oriented, degree-oriented and awards-oriented)”, the university took a lead in introducing a management program for specific performance evaluation of teachers as a way to boost the development of teachers. Second, the university established a global network to introduce more young talents and has achieved excellent outcomes. Third, Beihang continued to improve the three-layer talent introduction and development system involving the university, schools and platforms or teams, providing a platform for more excellent young talents to grow and improve capabilities.

Vice President Wang Yunpeng delivered a speech
Young experts and scholars from home and abroad, who have made outstanding contributions to their own fields, all gathered together at Beihang. Prof. Wang Yunpeng presented certificates to young scholar representatives who gave reports at the forum. While recognizing their achievements, Prof. Wang also expressed his wishes that young scholars could make greater progress through the communication and exchanges at the forum.

Vice President Wang Yunpeng presented certificates to young scholar representatives
Tan Hualin, Director of Human Resources Department and Head of Teacher Work Department, delivered a speech at the forum. In his speech, Tan Hualin reviewed great changes taking place at Beihang since its establishment and expounded on historical changes in discipline construction, achievements made in Beihang’s founding and development and its future discipline development plan. In addition, Tan also illustrated the scientific and technologicalinnovation in talent cultivation dating back to the founding of Beihang University, the “Four Models” of scientific and technological innovation in the new century and its security, plan, platform as well as mechanism in talent introduction and cultivation.

Tan Hualin, Director of Human Resources Department and Head of Teacher Work Department, delivered a speech
During the forum, Prof. Yang Lijun, Prof. Liu Mingjie and Prof. Hou Huilong were invited to deliver keynote speeches respectively.

Professors delivered keynote speeches
On the afternoon of December 21, seven sub-forums were simultaneously held, covering engineering, information, aerospace, chemistry and materials, mathematics, biomedical engineering, economics and management as well as business. Participants had in-depth discussions on international academic frontiers and hot issues in each specific field.

The sub-forums
The two-and-a-half-day forum attracted more than 700 young scholars from prestigious universities and scientific research institutes around the globe. The number of applicants and the invited scholars both reached another new high. During the forum, activities like discussions with talents and visits were organized by schools, research institutes and the working group of preparations for Sino-French University of Aerospace. Meanwhile, Human Resources Department organized the “100 Talents” evaluation program to fully implement the talent construction plan.


Reported by Shi Jinxia
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:163
TITLE:Informal Meeting at Noon: Cordial Dialogue Between President Xu Huibin and 2019 Graduates
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2314.htm
TEXT:
Informal Meeting at Noon: Cordial Dialogue Between President Xu Huibin and 2019 Graduates
                

                    Release time：June 14, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On June 11, President Xu Huibin invited 26 representatives of 2009 Graduates to participate in an “informal meeting at noon” and talked about their growth experiences of four-year study life at Beihang University. Vice President Huang Haijun, Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, and heads from relevant departments also attended the event.

In a relaxed and enjoyable atmosphere, the students looked back on the past and shared their experiences and true feelings in sequence. Ding Chaoxin from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering told how he chose mathematics courses under the complete credit system, broadened his international vision in Yuanhang Program and cultivated his professional interests in scientific practice; Liu Chenying from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering narrated her changing role from a participant in a robot competition to a trainer, and experinces of winning the gold medal in the Challenge Cup and the first prize in Feng Ru Cup; Zhao Yanzeng from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering shared his rich artistic life in Youth League School and Students' Association Union as an engineering student, as well as his international exchange experience; Xie Jun from the School of Economics and Management told the story of how he followed his heart to change his major, strove to be the first in the examination and won many honors.

During the dialogue, President Xu listened carefully to students’ growth experiences, and got an in-depth understanding of students' willingness in choosing majors and minors, international exchanges and other aspects. He noted that Beihang would further increase its input to provide diversified choices and rich quality resources for students. He offered congratulations on students’ excellent achievements in the four years of undergraduate life, and hoped that they could inherit the Beihang spirit, shoulder the mission of The Times, and continue to forge ahead in the future.

Reported by Gu Meng
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Dong Zhuoning
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:164
TITLE:RAEng Fellow Prof. Hugh McCann Appointed as Honorary Professor of Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2443.htm
TEXT:
RAEng Fellow Prof. Hugh McCann Appointed as Honorary Professor of Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 26, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the afternoon of October 22, the appointment ceremony of Prof. Hugh McCann, Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering (RAEng), as an honorary professor at Beihang University was held at the Conference Center of New Main Building. Those attending the ceremony included Beihang President Xu Huibin, representatives from related departments and schools of Beihang Univeristy, as well as nearly 70 teachers and students from Tsinghua University, North China Electric Power University, Beijing Jiaotong University, North University of China, etc. Xu Lijun, Dean of the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering, presided over the ceremony.


During the ceremony, President Xu Huibin issued the letter of appointment to Prof. McCann. In his remarks, he briefed the audiences on the results achieved by both sides in the fields of personnel exchange and academic cooperation, and expressed his earnest expectations that the relationship between the two sides could become deeper and more productive in the future. Next, Xu Lijun gave a basic introduction to Prof. McCann.
In his acceptance speech, Prof. McCann expressed his gratitude to Beihang university, and noted that Beihang University, as a comprehensive university with a wide range of disciplines, is unmatched by British universities especially in the number of postgraduate students. He said he would devote more effort to promoting the research on joint projects and exchange of teachers and students between the two universities in the future.
Following that, Prof. McCann gave an academic report entitled “100 Years of Tomography: We are all super-human now”, and had an in-depth exchange of views with teachers and students attending the ceremony.


Prof. McCann is an expert in tomographic imaging, and has achieved remarkable accomplishments on dynamic process monitoring, combustion diagnosis, medical diagnosis, etc. He was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering in 2009 and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 2015. He served as the Dean of School of Engineering of the University of Edinburgh from 2013 to 2018. Prof. McCann has developed extensive and in-depth cooperation with Prof. Xu Lijun in the field of multimode imaging and combustion diagnosis in the past decade, and has made tremendous contributions to the international exchange and cooperation between the two universities by working as a member of the British expert group of the Sino-UK Space Science and Technology Joint Laboratory.


  
Reported by Zheng Dan
Reviewed by Xu Lijun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:165
TITLE:Professor Fan Yubo Elected Fellow of Biomaterials Science and Engineering
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2850.htm
TEXT:
Professor Fan Yubo Elected Fellow of Biomaterials Science and Engineering
                

                    Release time：December 16, 2020 / Zheng Quan
                


Professor Fan Yubo from Beihang University was elected a 2020 Fellow of Biomaterials Science and Engineering (FBSE) in the 11th World Biomaterials Congress held online on December 11.
Started in 1980, the congress is held every four years and regarded as the “Olympic Games” in the field of biomaterials. During the congress, FBSE is recommended by biomaterials societies in various countries and selected by world's top experts. All the candidates are scientists with outstanding academic status and great achievements in the field of biomaterials science and engineering.
Despite disruptions brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, it is reported that over 2,500 people have registered for and participated in this congress. Among them, nearly 150 people come from China. The conference covers plenary sessions, special symposiums, YSF general assembly, workshops, etc.


Reported by Chen Xingzhi
Reviewed by Fan Yubo
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:166
TITLE:Cao Shumin Appointed Secretary of Party Committee of Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2567.htm
TEXT:
Cao Shumin Appointed Secretary of Party Committee of Beihang University
                

                    Release time：December 26, 2017 / Li Mingzhu
                




On the faculty and cadre meeting held on December 25th, Cao Shumin was appointed Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University (a vice-ministerial post) by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China in succession to Zhang Jun, who has been transferred to another post. The meeting was presided over by Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, and attended by representatives from the Organization Department of the Central Committee of the Communist party of China, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Beijing Committee of the Communist party of China and Beihang University.


Secretary Cao speaking at the meeting
Feeling honored and at home, Secretary Cao made her resolution to lead Beihang with President Xu to build a world-class university with world-class disciplines and to make greater contributions to the national power of education, science, technology and manufacturing. According to her speech, she would strive to learn about her new duty at Beihang from its members and be strict with herself, adhering to the democratic centralism and the Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era in her work.
Born in 1966, Secretary Cao received her bachelor's and master's degrees from Beihang University, and doctor's degree in management from a program run jointly by Renmin University of China and the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Before this transfer, she has held senior positions at the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT) of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Yingtan Committee of the Communist party of China and Yingtan Municipal Government.


Secretary Cao, the former Secretary Zhang and President Xu (from left to right)
Reported by Kong Xiangming, Shi Yue and Wang Yuchen
Edited by Kong Xiangming and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:167
TITLE:Graduation Ceremony of Sino-French Engineer School Held for 7th Batch of Engineers & Graduates of 2018
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2544.htm
TEXT:
Graduation Ceremony of Sino-French Engineer School Held for 7th Batch of Engineers & Graduates of 2018
                

                    Release time：April 9, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


On March 31st, Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University held its graduation ceremony for the 7thbatch of engineers and the graduates of 2018 at New Main Building.


The graduation ceremony
Representatives of government, schools and business attended the ceremony, including Jean-Maurice Ripert, French Ambassador to China; Xu Huibin, President of Beihang; Hervé Biausser, President of École Centrale Paris; Gérard Creuzet, Global Vice President of École Centrale Paris; Philippe Bardol, Chief Executive Officer of Safran China; Aline Penot, Vice President of EDF China; Xia Yi, Human Resource Manager of Schlumberger. Zhang Wei, Vice Director of Sino-French Engineer School, chaired the ceremony.
First, all the staff stood up and sang the national anthem. Then, Prof. Hong Guanxin, Scretary of the Party Committee and Chinese Director of Sino-French Engineer School, read out the list of graduates of 2018. Gilles Fleury, French Director of the School, announced the 2018 diplôme d'Ingénieur list. Academician Xu Huibin, Prof. Hervé Biausser and Prof. Gérard Creuzet issued the certificates. Besides, some excellent graduates were commended during the ceremony.




Academician Xu Huibin, Prof. Hervé Biausser and Prof. Gérard Creuzet issued the certificates
On behalf of master’s supervisors, Prof. Wang Yunhong congratulated these students on their graduation. She wished that in the environment of interdisciplinary and multicultural integration, the students could become the pride of Beihang University with their international vision, qualities of a general engineer, professional skills, strong mind and global view.
Representatives of the graduates Liu Pan and Long Xingtong delivered addresses in Chinese and France respectively. They expressed their sincere thanks to their university, school and teachers, promising that they will live up to the Beihang motto and contribute to the communication and cooperation between China and France.


Prof. Wang Yunhong, Liu Pan, Long Xingtong (from left to right)
Mr. Jean-Maurice Ripert, Prof. Hervé Biausser and Academician Xu Huibin expressed their appreciation for the students. As the ever-changing age spells great responsibility for the graduates, they wished that these young people could become spokesmen and spokeswomen for the cultural, economic and technological communication and cooperation between China and France, promoting the development of Sino-French friendship.


Mr. Jean-Maurice Ripert, Prof. Hervé Biausser and Academician Xu Huibin (from left to right)
Co-established in 2004 by Beihang University and École Centrale Paris, Sino-Franch Engineer School of Beihang University was selected into the first batch of the Program for Training Outstanding Engineers led by China’s Ministry of Education as a pilot major. It is accredited by CTI and EUR-ACE twice successively, and can issue Bachelor’s and Master’s degree of Beihang University and diplôme d'Ingénieur of France. The school adopts the elite education mode by integrating “preparatory-engineer” and “bachelor-master” education creatively in China. Until 2018, the school has trained 7 batches, a total of 602 graduates with two degrees. It has made a desirable difference worldwide and become a model of Sino-French cooperation in higher education.
  
Reported by Yin Chuantao
Photographed by Wang Yuchen and Song Chao
Edited by Yu MinTranslated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:168
TITLE:Beihang Wins “Challenge Cup” for Fifth Consecutive Time
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3535.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins “Challenge Cup” for Fifth Consecutive Time
                

                    Release time：June 7, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


In recent days, the 2023 “Challenge Cup” Extracurricular Researches and Tech Products Contest for College Students in Beijing has come to an end. Beihang University won 6 special prizes, 6 first prizes and 3 second prizes in the main competition, and hence clinched the Capital “Challenge Cup” – the highest honor of this event. This year, a total of 487 Beihang students and 156 instructors won provincial or ministerial awards, taking back altogether 15 special prizes, 23 first prizes, 19 second prizes and 33 third prizes. It was the fifth consecutive year that Beihang claimed the highest honor of the Capital “Challenge Cup” since 2019.

The 2023 Capital “Challenge Cup” competition is sponsored by Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League, Beijing Municipal Education Commission, Beijing Association for Science and Technology, Beijing Federation of University Societies, and hosted by Beijing Technology and Business University. Since its official launch in March this year, it has received positive responses from colleges and universities in Beijing, attracting more than 30,000 students from 80 units to participate. A total of nearly 5,000 projects were submitted, showcasing contemporary college students’ initiative and efforts in promoting and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress through innovation and entrepreneurship practice.


This year’s event adopted the “one cup, five competitions” system. Apart from the main competition, four special contests were introduced, each focusing on specific topics. Beihang recommended 140 outstanding entries to the five contests, winning 9 special prizes, 17 first prizes, 16 second prizes, and 33 third prizes.

In the near future, the university will select six among the winning entries to participate in the 18th National “Challenge Cup” Extracurricular Researches and Tech Products Contest for College Students, which will take place later this year at Guizhou University. Meanwhile, the university will further select outstanding student innovation and entrepreneurship teams to participate in the 9th China International “Internet+” Student Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition.


Reported by Wang Yukang
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:169
TITLE:The 1st International Conference for Training Excellent-Engineers Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3604.htm
TEXT:
The 1st International Conference for Training Excellent-Engineers Held
                

                    Release time：October 8, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


On September 27th, the 1st International Conference for Training Excellent-Engineers (ICTE 2023) was held in Beijing Jianguo International Convention Center. Huai Jinpeng, Secretary of the Party Group and Minister of the Ministry of Education, attended the conference and delivered a speech. Representatives of leaders, educational administrators, experts and scholars from more than 20 countries and regions such as France, Germany, Canada and Japan attended the meeting.

The conference was hosted by China Excellent-Engineers Training Consortium, and was co-organized by Beihang University, Harbin Institute of Technology, Zhejiang University, Chongqing University, Tongji University, etc.. One main meeting and four sub-meetings were held respectively. The theme of the conference is to deepen the integration of production and education, establish a world-level excellent engineer training system with Chinese characteristics, promote the reform of engineering education, and accelerate the formation of an academic, industrial and policy community for the training of excellent engineers.

In his speech, Huai Jinpeng said that countries around the world have generally recognized that education has become an important supporting force in promoting economic development, and improving people's livelihood and civilization progress. China always attaches great importance to education, regards education as a national priority development strategy, and constantly promotes education to serve the all-round development of individuals and the sustainable development of society. He put forward three suggestions for engineering education. The First is to meet the needs of the people for a better life, and take the road of openness and cooperation. The second is to promote the integration of science, engineering and culture, deepen the reform of the evaluation of engineering talents, and build a high-quality engineer training and certification system. The third is to continuously strengthen learning ability, and to establish a lifelong learning society.


Before the main meeting, Huai Jinpeng also met with international expert representatives from the Training Excellent-Engineers Department and had an exchange with them.
The main session was presided over by Wang Yunpeng, President of Beihang University, who, on behalf of the conference organizers, expressed sincere welcome and heartfelt thanks to the participants. Wang Yunpeng said that this conference aims to exchange experience in training excellent engineers, enlighten thinking, and jointly discuss the challenges and problems in integrating production and education in training engineers, so as to further deepen the reform of training excellent engineers, and promote the reform of higher engineering education in the world.

Bertrand Raquet, President of the Institut National des Sciences Appliquées, gave a presentation entitled “Integration of Industry and Education for Cultivating Excellent Engineers”. He shared the experience and practice of INSA engineer training, and noted that the training of excellent engineers is a complex and systematic process.

Sun Jinsheng, president of the Institute of Excellent-Engineers of China National Petroleum Corporation, made a report entitled “Deepening the Integration of Production and Education, Building a Solid Platform to Create a New Paradigm for Training Excellent Engineers with Petroleum Characteristics”. He reviewed the development history of engineering education in China's petroleum industry, and introduced the characteristic practices of building a new paradigm for training excellent-engineers with petroleum characteristics based on the new era.

Hubert Jager, Chairman of the National Lightweight Development Strategy of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate, gave a presentation entitled “University Education VS Industries Expectations in Europe... How to Close the Gap?" The report analyzes the similarities and differences between education and industry on talent training, and provides suggestions for the integration of production and education to train excellent engineers.

Sheng Zhaoning, CEO of Saint-Gobain China, delivered a report entitled "Sustainable Talent", saying that countries around the world are actively promoting sustainable development, and excellent engineers with innovative and interdisciplinary backgrounds are the core talents driving this important transformation.

At the sub-forum of the conference, some universities, industry enterprises, representatives of associations, and contractors of the National Institute of Excellent-Engineers conducted in-depth discussions.

At the International Conference on the Construction of Excellent-Engineer Standards, leaders from universities and related enterprises carried out in-depth exchanges and studies, and participants had in-depth exchanges and discussions. All participants unanimously said that they will further focus on key areas urgently needed by the country, accelerate the formation of academic, industrial and policy communities for the training of excellent engineers, formulate standards for the training of excellent engineers, and ensure the high-quality training of excellent engineers.

At the International Conference for Training Excellent-Engineers in the Field of Artificial Intelligence, the training consortium of excellent engineers in the field of artificial intelligence was unveiled. Heads of departments related to artificial intelligence from universities and scientific research institutions, as well as heads of leading domestic scientific and technological enterprises in the field of artificial intelligence attended the meeting. The conference aims to promote the strategic scientific and technological force of China, promote the reform of artificial intelligence engineering education, provide new momentum for the high-quality development and the training of a large number of excellent engineers, and contribute Chinese solutions to the world's artificial intelligence engineering education.

At the International Conference for Training Excellent-Engineers in the Field of Smart Energy, the training consortium of excellent engineers in the field of smart energy was unveiled.



Written by: Ma Wenting
Photos by: Di Bailu
Reviewed by: Li Jianwei
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:170
TITLE:Beihang Students Triumph in the Air Breathing Propulsion Undergraduate Student Design Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2501.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Triumph in the Air Breathing Propulsion Undergraduate Student Design Competition
                

                    Release time：July 16, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On July 10th, Beihang undergraduates Wang Yingjun, Guo Minghao and Hu Yu from the School of Energy and Power Engineering, under the supervision of Associate Professor Chen Min, Professor Li Lin, Professor Chen Jiang, Professor Tang Hailong and Professor Zhu Zhili, won the championship of the AIAA (American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics) Air Breathing Propulsion Undergraduate Student Design Competition, setting the best record for Chinese students in more than 30 years since its inception. 
Among the 10 designs passed by the AIAA competition judges composed of scholars from such well-known companies and organizations as General Electric Company, Rolls-Royce and NASA, Design of CJ-3000 Turbofan Engine for Next-Generation Supersonic Passenger Jet submitted by Beihang students was highly commended by the scholars for its rationality and advancement and selected as top three in the world. In the Propulsion and Energy Forum held during July 9th to 11th, the students defended composedly with a clear thinking on site, which was widely recognized and highly praised by the judges.


Dr. Jimmy Tai (first from left), Professor of Georgia Institute of Technology and Chairman of the Department of Gas Turbine, AIAA, Dr. Andrew Yatsko (second from right), Chairman of AIAA Air Breathing Propulsion Undergraduate Student Design Competition, and Beihang students


American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, created in 1963 by the merger of the two great aerospace societies of the day: the American Rocket Society and the Institute of the Aerospace Sciences, aims to ignite and celebrate aerospace ingenuity and collaboration and its importance to our way of life. As of today, it has been the largest non-governmental and non-profit society dedicated to the advancement and development of science and technology in aeronautics and astronautics in the world. Each year, the AIAA Foundation organizes competitions for college students in the field of aerospace from all over the world. The students can propose theoretical ideas on real-world problems, go through the real major design steps to determine the hypothetical solution, evaluate the effectiveness, and finally form a RFP (Request For Proposal). Among the series of competitions, the Air Breathing Propulsion Undergraduate Student Design Competition is one with the largest number of students in the field of aerospace.
  
Reported by Wang Wenbin
Edited by Sun Yecheng and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:171
TITLE:First Lecture 2020 for New Students Delivered
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2156.htm
TEXT:
First Lecture 2020 for New Students Delivered
                

                    Release time：September 28, 2020 / Lyu Xingyun
                



On the morning of September 26, First Lecture 2020, a signature event of Beihang University designed for all newcomers, was given by Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University. Over 10,000 new undergraduate and graduate students listened to the lecture in more than 50 venues at both Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus. The event was moderated by Cheng Bo, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University.

Secretary Cao first expressed her sincere congratulations to all fresh students on being admitted to Beihang, and reviewed the rich activities and events held during the orientation week.

Starting with the great achievements China has made in the fight against COVID-19, Secretary Cao illustrated the contributions and efforts made by Beihangers in such aspects as online courses, coronavirus-related scientific research, donations, voluntary service in communities, and work during the graduation season of this special year.

Under the theme of “The Mission of Beihangers in the New Era”, Secretary Cao covered three key aspects, including Inheriting the Beihang Spirit of Serving the Country in the Fields of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Practicing the Fundamental Tasks on Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation, and Composing a Song of Youth in the New Era.



On reviewing the glorious history of Beihang, she gave students an insight into the past 68-year development of the university, encouraging the new faces to devote themselves to the nation by fulfilling their missions. “I hope all of you will take on the important tasks of national rejuvenation and strive for a new chapter of youth in the new era,” said Secretary Cao.
The two-hour lecture came to a successful close with warm applause.


With Beihang Gymnasium of Xueyuan Road Campus being the main venue, over 50 branch venues at the two campuses were set up for the event. Meanwhile, the lecture was also streamed for students from various schools.






Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Liu Yaoze, Tian Wenhao, Wang Zhen and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:172
TITLE:Professor Wang Yunhong Elected IEEE Fellow 2020 for Contributions to Iris and Face Recognition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2243.htm
TEXT:
Professor Wang Yunhong Elected IEEE Fellow 2020 for Contributions to Iris and Face Recognition
                

                    Release time：November 28, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Professor Wang Yunhong has been named an IEEE Fellow, Class of 2020, for contributions to iris and face recognition, announced by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) recently.

Wang Yunhong, a professor and doctoral supervisor in the School of Computer Science and Engineering of Beihang University, is also a fellow of IAPR and CCF. She works currently as the director of the Special Committee of Intelligent Interaction of the Chinese Association for Artificial Intelligence (CAAI), executive director of CAAI, and executive director of China Society of Image and Graphics. Professor Wang has long been engaged in the research of pattern recognition and computer vision, publishing over 200 papers in major domestic and international journals and conferences which have been cited more than 15,000 times (Google Scholar). She is an editorial board member of several leading international journals including IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security, IEEE Transactions on Biometrics, Behavior, and Identity Sciences and Pattern Recognition. She is also a winner of the 13th China Youth Science and Technology Award and a second prize of the State Technological Invention Award.
IEEE is the world’s leading professional association dedicated to advancing technological innovation and excellence for humanity. The IEEE Grade of Fellow is one of the most prestigious honors of the IEEE, and is conferred upon a very limited number of Senior Members who have outstanding record of contributions in any of the IEEE fields of interest. The number of IEEE Fellows selected in a year is no more than one-tenth of one-percent of the total voting membership.This year, a total of 282 new fellows were inducted, including 23 from mainland China.

Reported by Zhou Xiaoyi
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:173
TITLE:Beihang Aeromodelling Team Defends Championship in SAE Aero Design 2019
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2355.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Aeromodelling Team Defends Championship in SAE Aero Design 2019
                

                    Release time：April 12, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


From April 5 to 7, Beihang Aeromodelling Team competed with teams from 75 universities worldwide in the Advanced Class of SAE Aero Design West 2019 held in California, USA. It ranked first in oral presentation, first in flight performance and third in written design report respectively, earning the highest total score and winning three consecutive championships in this class of the contest. This is also the best score in both SAE Aero Design West and SAE Aero Design East this year.

Beihang Aeromodelling Team won the championship in SAE Aero Design 2019
Since October 2018, Beihang Aeromodelling Team has spent half a year busily preparing for the competition, overcoming technical difficulties and innovating technical plans. After over 100 test flights as well as constant adjustment and refinement, the team greatly optimized the design, power system, payload delivery system and other aspects of its aircraft according to the competition requirements.

During the competition
The aircraft designed by Beihang Aeromodelling Team adopted a dual-motor design, all-composite wing skin and a high-precision payload delivery system. In the design report and oral presentation sections, it was unanimously praised by the judges from Lockheed Martin, ANSYS, etc., which are world-famous experts in the field of aero design. During the flight performance demonstration, the Beihang team outdid its opponents by high-precision delivery and flexible delivery strategies, winning first place in this part.

During the competition

During the competition
Founded in 1952, Beihang Aeromodelling Team has developed a complete mechanism that covers talent selection and cultivation, competition preparation and conversion of research achievements over the past 67 years. It trains talents in practice and enables them to grow by competing in contests worldwide with self-designed aircraft, providing an important platform for the development of innovative talents. Members from the team have made outstanding achievements in the Challenge Cup, Internet Plus Competition and China College Students' Entrepreneurship Competition.
Since its debut in international competitions in 2012, Beihang Aeromodelling Team has achieved excellent results consecutively. Besides the championship of the Advanced Class of SAE Aero Design in 2012, 2017, 2018 and 2019, it also won third place in Air Cargo Challenge 2013, first place in 2014 as well as first place in Challenge 2 and second place in Challenge 3 in 2016 in the British Model Flying Association University and Schools Payload Challenges, and second places in two missions of the AIAA Student Design/Build/Fly Competition in 2015. During the competitions, the exchanges with universities and top aircraft designers around the world help the team members develop their expertise and build up their confidence.
SAE Aero Design is held by the Society of Automotive Engineers International (SAE International) and sponsored by famous enterprises in the aviation industry, such as Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, ANSYS, etc. The competition is designed as an opportunity for university students to apply their knowledge to the conception, design, fabrication, test and optimization of radio-controlled aircraft that can complete the missions and to improve their written and oral communication skills. In 2019, it adopted a new theme for the Advanced Class. The teams were required to design a system that could deliver “colonists” (represented by Ping-Pong balls), “habitats” (represented by designated footballs) and “supplies” (represented by water bottles) to the surface of Mars safely.

Reported by Wang Huadong
Reviewed by Liu Yang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:174
TITLE:Beihang Signs Contract with ACAE to Build United Innovation Center
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2413.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Contract with ACAE to Build United Innovation Center
                

                    Release time：December 11, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On December 7th, the signing and unveiling ceremony of building Beihang-ACAE (AECC Commercial Aircraft Engine Co., Ltd) United Innovation Center for Low-Emission Combustion Technology of Aero-Engines was held in the conference room D701 of New Main Building. Among the attendees were General Manager Feng Jinzhang, Deputy Director of the Design and Development Center (DDC) Shi Ying, Vice Minister of the Science and Technology Department of DDC Zhang Yongqiang, and Vice Minister of the Department of Basic Technology of DDC Zhang Chengcheng from ACAE; Beihang Vice President Tao Zhi, and relative representatives from the School of Energy and Power Engineering and the Institute of Science and Technology. Ding Shuiting, Dean of the School of Energy and Power Engineering, presided over the ceremony.


Aiming at setting up a market-oriented, enterprise-led and industry-university-research integrated sci-tech innovation system, carrying out applied basic research jointly and providing innovative technology and professional support for the development of commercial aircraft engines in China, the United Innovation Center for Low-Emission Combustion Technology of Aero-Engines opens a new chapter in the comprehensive cooperation between the two sides.
In his speech, Tao Zhi noted that Beihang University, equipped with first-class talents and advanced experimental facilities in aero-engines and related fields, is the top university in the field of aviation in China. Beihang will strengthen the cooperation with ACAE and continue to contribute to China's independent research and development of aero-engines.
Feng Jinzhang said that the previous cooperation between the two sides in the field of low-emission combustion had provided strong support for the development of the core engine of commercial aircraft. ACAE will make all necessary provisions for the construction of the United Innovation Center. He also extended his expectation to establish more joint innovation centers for the research and development of aero-engines with Beihang in the future.
Shi Ying and Yan Xiaojun, Secretary of the Party Committee of School of Energy and Power Engineering, signed the cooperation framework agreement on behalf of the two sides. Feng Jinzhang and Tao Zhi jointly inaugurated the United Innovation Center. Following the ceremony, representatives from both sides made a series of reports on the construction planning and operation assumption of the Center.


Founded in 2009, AECC Commercial Aircraft Engine Co., Ltd, as the general contractor and general design company for the project of large passenger aircraft engine, is mainly engaged with the development of turbofan engine with high bypass ratio. The establishment of the United Innovation Center for Low-Emission Combustion Technology of Aero-Enginesis an important move to deepen strategic cooperation between Beihang and ACAE in the field of low-emission combustion technology. 
  
Reported by Zheng Dongsheng
Reviewed by Xu Quanhong
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:175
TITLE:Beihang’s Micro-Nano Physics and Application Research Group Published a Research Article in ACS Nano
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2221.htm
TEXT:
Beihang’s Micro-Nano Physics and Application Research Group Published a Research Article in ACS Nano
                

                    Release time：January 6, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, Beihang’s micro-nano physics and application research group led by Professor Chen Ziyu and Associate Professor Xie Yong, in collaboration with Prof. Ivan Smalyukh from University of Colorado Boulder, published a research article entitled “Programmable Ultralight Magnets via Orientational Arrangement of Ferromagnetic Nanoparticles within Aerogel Hosts” in ACS Nano.

Aerogel, as the lightest solid material which has a density of 0.16 kg m–3  in a vacuum, is preferred for developing the ultralight composite materials. With advantages of low thermal conductivity and high shock resistance, aerogel is also a promising candidate in the field of aerospace. However, due to stable physical and chemical properties of the material, its application in intelligent control unit fails to gain smooth progress.
To solve the problem, the research group embedded orientationally ordered, ferromagnetic nanoparticles into aerogels to achieve ultralight programmable aero-magnets. Combining the advantages of noncontact and remote control of magnetic stimulation and the ultra low density of aerogels, the aero-magnets are expected to be widely applied in the fields of aerospace components.
In the aero-magnets preparation procedures, the ferromagnetic nanoparticles were first dispersed in the aerogel precursor solution. Then the particles were oriented by imposing localized, uniform fields utilizing a sandwich structure with reversed magnetic poles during the solution state. The magnetic field was removed when the sol–gel process was completed with entrapment of the magnetic nanoparticles within the gel. The gel was then aged for a specified time and followed by solvent exchange with isopropanol. At last, aero-magnets were obtained by critical point drying. Using the approach, samples with a large areaand well-defined shape can be obtained by a homemade casting mold.

Procedures for Fabricating Aero-Magnets

Measurement and adjustment of properties of single-domain aero-magnet

Design and measurement of magnetic properties of double domain aero-magnet
The ultralight programmable aero-magnets can be applied in the fields of aerospace and intelligent devices like lightweight tiny satellites, aircraft and spacecraft components, space station devices and so on. The use of aero-magnets can greatly reduce the cost of aerospace devices and boost the development of aviation and space industry.
Li Yuanyuan, a PhD student under the supervision of Prof. Chen Ziyu is the first author of the article. Associate Professor Xie Yong and Prof. Ivan Smalyukh are corresponding authors of this work. The research work is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China, Key Program of Beijing Municipal Level (Condensed Matter Physics Program) and Beihang’s Outstanding Young Scholar Program. Chemical & Engineering News (C&EN), published by the American Chemical Society, and China’s media platform “Polymer-science” have reported on the research work.
The research article is available at：https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acsnano.9b04818
C&EN’s report on the research work：https://cen.acs.org/materials/Featherweight-magnets-made-aerogels-embedded/97/web/2019/12


Reported by Liu Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Li Guangchao
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:176
TITLE:Opening Ceremony of Ningbo Institute of Technology Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3032.htm
TEXT:
Opening Ceremony of Ningbo Institute of Technology Held
                

                    Release time：March 29, 2021 / Zheng Quan
                


On March 22, the opening ceremony for Ningbo Institute of Technology (NIT), Beihang University was held. Cao Shumin, Party Secretary of Beihang University, and Peng Jiaxue, member of the Standing Committee of Zhejiang Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of Municipal Party Committee, attended the ceremony and delivered their speeches.

Other attendees include Zhao Gang, Deputy Secretary of Party Committee of Beihang University, Academician Li Chunxuan, Academician Yan Chuliang, President Assistant Wang Rongqiao, and relative leaders from the Department of Development and Planning, Publicity Department of the Party Committee, Ningbo Institute of Technology and Domestic Cooperation Office.
Cao Shumin expressed her sincere welcome to those who attended the ceremony. She pointed out that since its launching three years ago, NIT has received strong support from local governments at all levels in Ningbo City. It has undertaken plenty of projects, gathered a number of outstanding talents and made many great achievements, laying a solid foundation for future cooperation between the city and the university. She hoped that the two parties can give full play to their respective advantages to expand the breadth and the depth of cooperation, realizing a win-win situation for the local economic and social development of Ningbo City and the “double first-class” construction of Beihang University.

Peng Jiaxue expressed his gratitude to Beihang University for its support for Ningbo’s modernization. He said that Beihang University, the first university of aerospace technology in China, shares the same development direction with the city and the cooperation between the two parties has a great prospect. He hoped that, by taking this opening ceremony as a new starting point, both parties will continue to make efforts to expand cooperation fields and strengthen the win-win cooperative situation. They should join hands in cultivating comprehensive talents, tackling technological bottlenecks and promoting the transformation of scientific and technological achievements.

Following the ceremony, Cao Shumin and Peng Jiaxue visited the periodic achievements of NIT, on which they expanded a discussion and exchanged ideas.

In March 2018, Ningbo Municipal government and Beihang University signed a contract to build NIT. In June 2018, the institute was launched with a four-in-one cooperation mode: talent cultivation, scientific and technological innovation, achievement transformation and international communication. In the building stage, NIT recruited students and conducted scientific researches while transforming the related achievements. Led by five academicians and one Changjiang Scholar, six innovative research centers went into construction with focuses on material engineering, space equipment, intelligent manufacturing and intelligent transportation. Up to now, the institute has gathered 243 talents from different fields and provided services for more than 60 enterprises in the city, whose overall production capacity exceeds 6 billion yuan. 17 projects above the municipal level have been conducted by NIT. It has published 114 high-level papers and applied for 28 invention patents, with 8 of them authorized. Besides that, the institute has made breakthroughs in several professional areas, such as magnetic bearing design and locking technology and purifying smelting technology. It has also made great strides in the research of a new generation of aerospace bearing materials.

This opening ceremony is for the experimental research buildings phase I. The construction area of the first stage is about 48,000 square meters, including office buildings of the six innovation research centers. In the second stage, teaching and housing areas will be about 52,000 square meters, consisting of an international exchange center, a library, classrooms, canteens and dormitories, which are expected to be finished at the end of December this year.


Reported by Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:177
TITLE:Beihang Students Take First Place in 2022 AIAA Gas Turbine Engine Design Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3389.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Take First Place in 2022 AIAA Gas Turbine Engine Design Competition
                

                    Release time：October 26, 2022 / Liang Xiaochun
                


On October 17, 2022, after six months’ preparation under the careful guidance of Prof. Chen Min and Prof. Gui Xingmin, a Beihang team including five undergraduate students Fang Xilong, Jiang Guohe, Song Shiying, Qin Ziyu, and Ma Wenhao from the School of Energy and Power Engineering won the 1st place in the 2022 American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) Gas Turbine Engine Design Competition. It is the third time since 2017 that Beihang students have made it to the finals of this event and the second time Beihang students won the championship.

The AIAA Organizing Committee, composed of scholars from GE, Rolls-Royce Plc., NASA and other companies and institutions, fully affirmed the rationality and advancement of the “Engine Design for the Concorde Supersonic Airliner——BH-22” submitted by Beihang students, and identified it as the first place among many entries designed by other participating teams. In the review recommendation, the evaluation experts wrote: “Your report shows you have a good theoretical understanding of gas turbine engine cycles and turbomachinery…Your work is far more superior to that of most undergraduate engineering students”, “your team’s proposal was a lot better than any of the others”.

The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) was formed in 1963 by the merger of the American Rocket Society and the Institute of the Aerospace Sciences, with their predecessors dating back to 1930 and 1932, respectively. The mission of AIAA is to promote the advancement of science and technology in the field of aeronautics and astronautics, and to foster and encourage professionalism of those who strive for the aerospace industry. So far AIAA is the world’s largest professional, non-governmental, not-for-profit society dedicated to the advancement and development of science and technology in the fields of aviation, aerospace and defense. The AIAA Foundation organizes annual competitions for students from numerous universities in the aerospace field worldwide, allowing students to work theoretically on simulated real-world problems and to go through real major design steps, identify hypothetical solutions, evaluate effectiveness, and finally form the design report for the design requirements. Among them, the aeroengine design competition is one of the projects with the largest number of students in the aviation field.


Reported by Li Zhikun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Dong Zhuoning
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:178
TITLE:1st Beihang International Symposium on Medical Photonics Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2522.htm
TEXT:
1st Beihang International Symposium on Medical Photonics Held
                

                    Release time：June 15, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 1st Beihang International Symposium on Medical Photonics and the inauguration ceremony of Medical Photonics Institute of Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering (BAIC-BE) were held in Vision Building recently. The symposium was co-hosted by BAIC-BE, School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University and Beihang Innovation Institute of Interdisciplinary Medicine-Engineering. Co-Chair Fan Yubo (Director of BAIC-BE and Dean of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University) and Co-chair Cheng Jixin (Director and Chief Scientist of the Medical Photonics Institute of BAIC-BE and a member of American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering), as well as over 70 researchers from such universities and institutions as Boston University, Cornell University, Columbia University, Northwestern University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Fudan University, Tsinghua University, Peking University, Chinese PLA General Hospital, and Beijing Chao-Yang Hospital attended the symposium.


Prof. Fan Yubo delivered the opening remarks and extended his warm welcome to all attendees. He then gave an introduction to the layout and fruitful achievements that Beihang had accomplished in the filed of interdisciplinary medicine-engineering, and described the bright prospect of future development of BAIC-BE in important fields such as the basic research and research in cutting-edge technologies, innovation of transforming medical engineering technology, and application and industrialization of clinical transformation. He also detailed on medical photonics, one of the key development directions of BAIC-BE, and praised the pioneering contribution made by Prof. Cheng Jixin in this field.
Prof. Cheng Jixin gave a detailed introduction to the development and overall planning of the Medical Photonics Institute. According to him, the Institute is oriented by the major demands in such areas as photonics, medical treatment and health care, and will conduct in-depth research on key scientific issues in the development and application of advanced biophotonics by bringing together leading scientists from all around the world. It aims to form a research team with great influence in academia and industry and build a world-class research and transformation center for medical photonics by breaking through key technologies constraining industrial development, laying a good foundation for scientific and technological development, medical security, and social and economic development.
During the symposium, academic board members were announced. The members will make constructive suggestions on the development of medical photonics, help introduce and cultivate young researchers of this field, assist Beihang in applying for domestic and foreign major scientific research projects and related personnel projects, and provide clinical guidance and resources for specific study of interdisciplinary medicine-engineering.
Then, keynote reports were given by Academician Gu Ying on the topic of The Application of Laser Medicine in Clinical Medicine and other 36 professors and clinicians on the development of photonics and its application and transformation in the fields of biology and medicine. 
The 1st Beihang International Symposium on Medical Photonics provides a platform for communication and cooperation among experts in the fields of medical photonics, life sciences and clinical medicine.


  
Reported by Yue Shuhua
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:179
TITLE:Celebration on 70th Anniversary of PRC Founding & 2019 Homecoming Meeting Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2259.htm
TEXT:
Celebration on 70th Anniversary of PRC Founding & 2019 Homecoming Meeting Held
                

                    Release time：October 30, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


On the morning of October 26, Beihang University celebrated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China (PRC) and held the 2019 Homecoming Meeting at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. To celebrate the 67th anniversary of Beihang University, more than 200 alumni returned to Beihang to express their deep gratitude to their alma mater and hail the university’s development.


Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin delivered a speech and warmly welcomed all alumni at the meeting. Secretary Cao noted that Beihang has shouldered the mission of serving the nation and made great contributions to national prosperity since its establishment. She also mentioned that over 210 thousand alumni have been dedicated to China’s aeronautics and space undertakings as well as national economy. “Committed to the school motto: ‘Integrate Virtue with Brilliance and Combine Knowledge with Practice’, you always represent Beihang University no matter where you are, Beihang is always your home.” Secretary Cao pointed out.

Cao Shumin delivered the speech
At the meeting, Cao Shumin outlined the latest achievements made by Beihang in academics, research, talent cultivation, faculty, services and development of the two campuses. Guided by Xi Jinping’s thoughts on socialism with Chinese characteristics for the new era, Beihang remains committed to talent cultivation for the Party and country and work hard to build itself into a word-class university, according to Secretary Cao.
Wang Jun, Member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and Professor of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering delivered a speech at the meeting. Graduating 60 years ago, Professor Wang remembered his campus life here and offered best wishes to Beihang University.

Wang Jun delivered the speech
Air Force Major General Wang Shizhi, former Deputy Director of the Political Department of Air Force of the Beijing Military Region delivered a speech and expressed his deep gratitude to Beihang. “Beihang is our common home and harbour in our life voyage and we will never forget the orientation slogan ‘Welcome you, future aeronautic engineers’, which reminds us of the life-long responsibility we have to take,” said Wang Shizhi who graduated from Beihang 50 years ago.

Wang Shizhi delivered the speech
Zhang Xiaohong, Vice President of Suzhou University, graduated from Beihang university 30 years ago. In his address, he noted that Beihang taught him to tirelessly strive for national prosperity and rejuvenation and cultivated talents under the Beihang Spirit.

Zhang Xiaohong delivered the speech
Xia Guanghui, General Manager and Party Committee Secretary of Yunnan Airport Group Aircraft Maintenance & Services Co., Ltd shared his memories of the campus life at Beihang with all guests and wished Beihang a better future.

Xia Guanghui delivered the speech
Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, presented certificates to ten alumni enterprise mentors to involve them in education so as to enhance the school-enterprise cooperation in talent cultivation.


Certificates were awarded to enterprise mentors
Beihang Student Traditional Instruments Orchestra performed two folk songs at the homecoming meeting. Furthermore, students from the choir also brought two patriotic songs to deliver their love for the motherland.

Students performed music at the homecoming meeting

Students from the choir performed songs
To celebrate the 67th anniversary of Beihang University, the march named “The People’s Navy is Marching Forward” kicked off the marching band’s parade held on Shahe Campus at 11:30 am.

The parade held on Shahe Campus
On October 26, Beihang held a two-day carnival on two campuses of the university to welcome all alumni back home. Meanwhile, Beijing Air and Space Museum, History Schools, Beihang Art Gallery and other buildings are open to all alumni. Besides, History Schools held a themed display which showed the latest splendid achievements Beihang has made and serves as a gift for the 70th anniversary of PRC founding.


Performances staged

Alumni visited Beijing Air and Space Museum







Alumni took pictures together
During the performance, alumni representatives graduating in 1989 presented flowers to their dedicated teachers to express their heartfelt thanks. The ceremony ended up with hundreds of guests singing the song “My Motherland and Me” together with small red flags in their hands. The delightful melody touched everyone’s heart and expressed each Beihanger’s love and passion for the country.

Alumni representatives presented flowers to teachers

The audience sang the song “My Motherland and Me”



Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Reported by Wang Qing
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:180
TITLE:Achievements of 29th “Feng Ru Cup” Exhibited at New Main Building
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2328.htm
TEXT:
Achievements of 29th “Feng Ru Cup” Exhibited at New Main Building
                

                    Release time：May 24, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


From May 18 to 19, the innovative achievements of the 29th “Feng Ru Cup” were exhibited in the ring corridor on the second floor at New Main Building of Xueyuan Road Campus, with the theme of “Serving People with True Talent, Contributing to the Country with Innovation, and Being the Pioneers ahead of Time”.
On May 18, Beihang President Xu Huibin, Vice President Huang Haijun and Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Gang visited the exhibition together and had warm and friendly talks with the students.

The leaders acquainted themselves with the projects of all schools at the exhibition. They paid attention to students’ gains and growth and encouraged them to make all their efforts to solve the difficulties they met in the technological innovation with the help of their colleges, attach great importance to the social focuses and make more practical works of scientific research significance and social contribution on the basis of their professional knowledge.
The exhibition was also a platform for the students of the Experimental School of Beihang University, whose 12 pieces of scientific work were revealed. It created a bridge between the primary school, high school and university.
The 29th “Feng Ru Cup” included the Innovation Competition, the Entrepreneurship Competition and the Academic Scientific Works Competition, with two special competitions — Connected World as well as Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction. There are 2,364 works in the Innovation Competition, 747 works in the Academic Scientific Works Competition, and 90 works in the Entrepreneurship Competition. A total of 5,891 students participated in the competition.

Up to now, the winners of 7 grand prizes, 45 first prizes, 96 second prizes and 195 third prizes have been selected in the Innovation Competition. The winners of 2 golden awards, 10 silver awards,17 bronze awards and 1 outstanding student enterprise award were selected in the Entrepreneurship Competition.
The 29th “Feng Ru Cup” ran for two months from March 20 to June 1. Guided by the system of “originality-innovation-entrepreneurship”, various schools formed a great atmosphere of scientific and technological innovation as well as achievement transformation. Some activities such as works defense, training session and closing ceremony will be held, so as to bring more diversified experience of innovation and entrepreneurship culture for teachers and students.

Reported by Liu Yang
Photographed by Wang Zhen
Reviewed by Liu Yang
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:181
TITLE:Informal Meeting at Noon: Cordial Dialogue between President Xu Huibin and Representatives of Young Teachers
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3061.htm
TEXT:
Informal Meeting at Noon: Cordial Dialogue between President Xu Huibin and Representatives of Young Teachers
                

                    Release time：April 23, 2021 / Li Xueru
                


On April 21, President Xu Huibin invited some representatives of young teachers to join in an “informal meeting at noon”, in which Zhao Gang, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, and President Assistant Wang Rongqiao also participated.
In this meeting, all participants discussed various aspects of the university’s development, exchanged ideas about their lives and learning in the university and delivered their suggestions about its construction. President Xu Huibin and other leaders paid high attention to these suggestions.

Xu Huibin, on behalf of Beihang University, extended his warm welcome to all young teachers. He noted that young teachers bring new energy to the university and lead its future development. Beihang University always puts great importance on the construction of a first-class faculty team and strives for creating better conditions for teachers’ growth and development. He hoped that all teachers can conduct innovations in the basic or interdisciplinary research areas according to the major national strategic needs, strengthen moral education and cultivate talents, and make great contribution to the national development and the well-being of Chinese people.
The meeting was held in a relaxing and warm atmosphere, where some representative teachers put forward constructive advice about the reform of talent cultivation, disciplinary construction and optimization of the university’s comprehensive development.

Other Attendees of the meeting included representatives from the Office of Party and Government Affairs, Department of Academic Affairs, Graduate School, Human Resource Department, Financial Department, Department of Campus Planning, Construction and Asset Management and so on.


Reported by Liu Yaoze
Review by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:182
TITLE:Beihang Researchers Reveal Evidence of Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless Phase in Frustrated Magnet
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2141.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Researchers Reveal Evidence of Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless Phase in Frustrated Magnet
                

                    Release time：November 13, 2020 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Recently, a research group from the School of Physics of Beihang University and their collaborators published their latest findings titled “Evidence of the Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless Phase in a Frustrated Magnet” in Nature Communications, reporting the new progress in the study on Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless (BKT) physics in magnetic materials. Li Han, a Ph.D candidate from the School of Physics, is the co-first author. Associate Professor Li Wei is the co-corresponding author of the article.

By carrying out such experiments as nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and low-temperature thermodynamic measurement, the researchers detected the low-energy electronic states and a critical scaling behavior of the magnetic susceptibility expected for the BKT transition of the 2D frustrated magnet TmMgGaO4. The experimental findings are highly consistent with the theoretical simulation results, which substantiates the group's previous prediction.
The BKT mechanism, building upon proliferation of topological defects in 2D systems, is the first example of phase transition beyond the Landau-Ginzburg paradigm of symmetry breaking. Such a topological phase transition has long been sought yet undiscovered directly in magnetic materials. The research group from the School of Physics has been committed to the study of TmMgGaO4 since 2019, and they obtained the microscopic model and accurate parameters of TmMgGaO4 via the tensor renormalization group calculation and precise fitting of experimental results. Based on these parameters, the group calculated the thermodynamic and kinetic properties of the system, revealed the vortex-antivortex pair excitations, and predicted the BKT transition of the 2D frustrated magnet TmMgGaO4. Preliminary research results have been published in Nature Communications in February, 2020 (Nat. Commun. 11, 1111 (2020)).
Since the BKT phase transition is an infinite-order phase transition, new ideas are necessary for detecting this phase transition. After repeated discussions, the research group decided to employ NMR technology to accomplish this challenging task.
Benefiting from NMR as a sensitive low-energy probe, and the nearly zero planar gyromagnetic factor in a TLI magnet TmMgGaO4, the researchers revealed two BKT transitions and a critical BKT phase with an emergent XY symmetry. Together with the power-law behavior of the susceptibility and excellent agreement between their QMC simulation and experiment data, they unambiguously identified the long-sought BKT phase in a magnetic crystalline material.

Finite-temperature phase diagram and the corresponding spin configuration of the TmMgGaO4
The research group at the School of Physics has achieved some results in recent years. Combining quantum many-body simulation techniques and the first-principles calculation, they have gained a series of achievements in multibody computing and quantum magnets. They also work closely with domestic and foreign high-level research groups to jointly explore novel quantum states and multi-body effects in strongly correlated and strongly frustrated magnetic materials.
This work is the result of close cooperation between several theoretical and experimental research groups. Other collaborators include the research group of Wen Jinsheng from Nanjing University, the group of Yu Weiqiang from Renmin University of China, the group of Meng Ziyang from the University of Hong Kong, the group of Qi Yang from Fudan University, etc. The research was supported by the National Key Projects for Research and Development of China, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, etc.

More information of the article:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-19380-x
Webpage of the research group at the School of Physics:
https://wlibuaa.github.io/

Reported by Liu Rui
Reviewed by Li Guangchao
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:183
TITLE:Cordial Dialogue Between President Xu Huibin and Faculty Representatives on Beihang’s Development
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2265.htm
TEXT:
Cordial Dialogue Between President Xu Huibin and Faculty Representatives on Beihang’s Development
                

                    Release time：October 21, 2019 / Ren Chenjie
                


On October17, President Xu Huibin attended an “informal meeting at noon” at the Inspiration Space of Xueyuanlu Campus with faculty and staff representatives from some schools, laboratories and offices of Beihang University. They discussed various aspects of the university’s development and shared their life and work at Beihang.

Among the attendees were Vice President Liu Shuchun, representatives from Office of Party and Government Affairs, Office of Academic Affairs, Institute of Science and Technology, Graduate School, Human Resource Department, Department of Campus Asset Planning, Construction and Management, Logistics Department (Community Management Service Center), Shahe Campus Management Committee, and other related schools.
The meeting went on in an aura of relaxation and pleasure. Faculty and staff representatives offered many practical suggestions and ideas on various topics including the building of Shahe Campus and Xueyuanlu Campus, the development of schools as well as the improvement of core competitiveness of Beihang University.

During the dialogue, President Xu first introduced the functional position of Inspiration Space and expressed gratitude to all the representatives who show great concerns to Beihang’s development. He pointed out that Beihang will focus on launching a series of measures to boost care for the physical and mental health of teachers this year. As the important supporting force, all faculty members play a crucial role in accelerating the university’s development. He noted that more efforts will be made to create better living and working conditions for teachers. He hoped that all faculty members would continue to make contributions to the university in support of the goal of developing Beihang into a “Double First-Class” university.

Before the event, representatives visited the meeting room and the rest areas provided for teachers at Inspiration Space. In order to further promote the co-construction and sharing of a warm campus, strengthen morality education and enhance the happiness of teachers and students, Beihang University transformed the previous café in the northeast corner of the Gymnasium of Xueyuanlu Campus into Inspiration Space to provide coffee, books, souvenirs and other services to teachers and students. Inspiration Space also provides meeting rooms and rest areas for Shahe faculty and staff to make a short stay and work.
At the same time, four café in the two campuses officially launched the “shared coffee” activity — the first coffee per day costs 6 yuan only — for teachers and students of Beihang University from October 17 with the hope that they can exchange their thoughts and appreciate the well-being as drinking coffee.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:184
TITLE:Team of Prof. Niu Haijun Pioneers Application of Deep Learning to Enhancement of Mandarin EL Speech
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2348.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Niu Haijun Pioneers Application of Deep Learning to Enhancement of Mandarin EL Speech
                

                    Release time：April 23, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, under the support of National Science and Technology Support Program, a new breakthrough was made by the team of Prof. Niu Haijun from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering together with Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering and National Research Center for Rehabilitation Technical Aids on acoustic characteristics of the vocal output and tonal control of electrolarynx (EL) in Mandarin speech. Besides a supplement to the theory, they also developed medical equipment like wheel-controlled pitch-adjustable artificial EL and sliding-mode pitch-adjustable artificial EL (two types of speech therapy equipment, which belongs to the list of second category medical devices).
The research findings were published in various renowned journals including Medical & Biological Engineering & Computing and IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and Rehabilitation Engineering (the top journal in rehabilitation science), with Dr. Wang Li being the first author and Prof. Niu being the corresponding author. They aregranted 11 invention patents and the copyright for a piece of software , and they set 1 national standard for EL. The artificial EL invented by the team not only passed the test of National Institutes for Food and Drug Control, but is also frequently on display at the recommendation of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People’s Republic of China. In particular, the invention made a hit at the InnoTech Expo 2018 in Hong Kong.

The artificial EL and vocalization system
Based on the research mentioned above, the team then put forward the idea of utilizing deep learning technology to enhance mandarin EL speech, attempting to introduce the WaveNet technology into the identification and conversion of compensated sounds. However, due to the low pitch of EL, the rate of identification was comparatively low. Through the collection of patients peech data, in-depth study on the identification and conversion system of EL speech and the application of CTC technology, the team successfully enhanced the EL speech. The research was published recently in Journal of Speech, Language, and Hearing Research. The results were made under the joint efforts of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University and Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering. Qian Zhaopeng, a PhD student form the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, is the first author and Prof. Niu is the corresponding author. The research takes advantage of deep learning technology to solve the problem of mandarin EL speech, providing a new research approach for enhancing the quality and understandability of EL speech and benefiting the patients who have lost their larynx greatly.

Speech identification framework of EL

Reported by Guo Meng
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:185
TITLE:Beihang Team Advances to CUFA Quarter-Finals
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2357.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Advances to CUFA Quarter-Finals
                

                    Release time：April 11, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On the afternoon of April 7, 2018-2019 Adidas China University Football Association (CUFA) Eighth-Finals was held, in which Beihang went head-to-head with the Chengdu Sport University (SCU) in qualifying for CUFA Quarter-Finals. After 90-minute intense competition, Beihang beat CSU at 4:0 and advanced to the Quarter-Finals.

In the first half, despite the tension at first, Beihang players gradually got their fitness as the game went on and took control of the game in the cheers of thousands of their fans. Most of the time, Beihang team got on top of their opponent with their corner kicks and controlled the football firmly. In the 29th minute, Wang Minyi’s goal broke the ice. After that, although CSU nearly scored for several times, Beihang still kept the 1:0 lead.



In the second half Beihang University scored again within 30 seconds when Wang Zhenlong, No. 10 player of Beihang Team, scored a corner kick. Then in the 60th minute, Guo Fengyuan’s goal made Beihang a 3:0 lead. Five minutes later, Jiang Zhimo rewrote the score to 4:0. Subsequently, CSU players strengthened their aggression and almost got a score in the 78th minute, while Goalkeeper Li Hengyi was proved to be a formidable barrier.




Finally, Beihang beat CSU in the 4:0 home win and advanced to the CUFA Quarter-Finals.

 
Reported by Wang Changhao and Zhang Haotian
Photographed by Tian Wenhao, Gao Runqi and Zhang Zhanyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Zhang Zhengang
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:186
TITLE:Four Beihang Professors Honored with 2022 China Youth Science and Technology Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3402.htm
TEXT:
Four Beihang Professors Honored with 2022 China Youth Science and Technology Award
                

                    Release time：November 18, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


On November 12, the ceremony of the 17th China Youth Science and Technology Award was held in tandem with the World Youth Scientist Summit (WYSS) in Wenzhou, Zhejiang, with a total of 100 outstanding young science and technology workers who have made great achievements in basic research, engineering science and technology, science popularization and commercialization of results winning the award. Four professors from Beihang University, namely, Wang Zhipeng, Xiao Zhenyu, Zhang Jicong, and Hu Dianyin were honored with the award, ranked the second in the number of winners in colleges and universities. Among them, Professor Wang Zhipeng was granted the special award of China Youth Science and Technology Award.

Established in 1987, the China Youth Science and Technology Award is presented every two years to no more than 100 winners. The award was proposed by Qian Xuesen and other predecessors, and jointly established and organized by the Central Organization Department, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, and the Chinese Association for Science and Technology, aiming to facilitate the emergence of young talent as academic and technological leaders at the forefront of the development of science and technology, and to commend and reward young scientists who have made outstanding achievements in national economic development, social progress and scientific and technological innovation. Over the past 30 years, nearly 1,500 young scientists have been awarded this prize.

Professor Wang Zhipeng
Wang Zhipeng is a professor and doctoral supervisor in the School of Electronic Information Engineering. Having been engaged in the research of aviation navigation integrity technology for a long time, he has done fundamental and innovative work in the prediction, monitoring and verification of the integrity of all phases of flight, and has achieved important engineering application results. He has made critical contributions to promoting BeiDou aviation applications and advancing its membership in ICAO. He is the only Member of the Chinese government in the ICAO Navigation Systems Expert Group and the Vice Chairman of the Command and Control Network Professional Committee of the Chinese Institute of Command and Control. He was awarded the Special Award of China Youth Science and Technology Award, and as a major contributor, he was awarded the First Prize of National Science and Technology Progress (ranked 3rd), the Top Ten Science and Technology Advances of Chinese Higher Education Institutions (ranked 4th), and the First Prize of Technical Invention of Chinese Institute of Electronics (ranked 2nd).

Professor Xiao Zhenyu
Xiao Zhenyu, professor and doctoral supervisor of the School of Electronic Information Engineering, Elsevier Highly Cited Chinese Researcher, has long been engaged in the research of new data chain, unmanned trunk network and air-space communication network, and the related achievements have been applied to the dedicated system and mission assurance. He won the China Youth Science and Technology Award, the Second Prize of National Award for Technological Invention (ranked 3rd), the China Publishing Government Award (ranked 3rd), the First Prize of Natural Science of Chinese Institute of Electronics (ranked 1st), etc.

Professor Zhang Jicong
Zhang Jicong, professor and doctoral supervisor of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, has been engaged in the research and development of biomedical information and instrumentation and the commercialization of results, and has overcome a number of key technological difficulties in the direction of brain functional disease diagnosis and treatment, neurorehabilitation, and intelligent medical instrumentation research and development. He proposed a new, integrated approach to precision rehabilitation, and promoted the localization of highly reliable intelligent time-delay embryo incubator research and development and the construction of intelligent accessory system, and has more than 30 patents granted. The key technical indicators have reached the international advanced level, bringing significant social and economic benefits. He has been awarded the China Youth Science and Technology Award and the China Industry-University-Research Cooperation Innovation Achievement Award (ranked 1st); as the person in charge, he has undertaken National Key R&D Projects and key projects of Beijing Natural Science Foundation; he has participated in the formulation of international and domestic standards in the field of health informatics, and many national standards (GB) formulated by him have been released and implemented. He has guided students to win the first prize of the National Student Biomedical Engineering Innovation Design Competition, etc. He is also the deputy director of the National Engineering Lab of the Internet Medical Diagnosis and Treatment Technology and the editorial board member of the international journal MEDNTD.

Professor Hu Dianyin
Hu Dianyin is a professor and doctoral supervisor of Research Institute of Aero-Engine. She has long been engaged in the research of structural strength and life and reliability analysis of aero-engine, and has solved the problem of structural integrity and reliability improvement of many types of aero-engines and gas turbines in China. She has presided over more than 30 scientific research projects such as Special Funds of Basic Research, National Natural Science Foundation of China and civil aircraft research, and published more than 80 academic papers, 2 monographs and 61 authorized invention patents. She has won the Second Prize of Science and Technology Progress at the provincial and ministerial level, the Special Prize of Outstanding Contribution to the Education Fund of “Powerful Aviation of China”, and the China Youth Science and Technology Award.


Source: Human Resource Department
Reviewer: Li Jianwei
Editor: Jia Aiping
Translator: Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:187
TITLE:Beihang Annual Work Meeting 2019 Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2382.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Annual Work Meeting 2019 Held
                

                    Release time：February 27, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


The 2019 work meeting of Beihang University was held on February 25 at the conference center of New Main Building. At the meeting, the work focuses in 2019 were interpreted in a systematic and thorough way, the arrangements for the key work were settled, and the tasks concerning the development of the university were set.

The work meeting
Over 300 people were present at the meeting, including university leaders, academicians, members of the Academic Committee, Director and Vice Director of the Teaching Guidance Committee, Changjiang Scholars, professors of second and higher level, deputies to National People’s Congress and members of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference at all levels, representatives of the democratic parties, public figures without political affiliation and All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese, presidium of Beihang Teachers’Congress, chairs of the Labor Union of all branches, cadres of section and higher ranks, and young teachers who joined Beihang last year. Fang Jiancheng, Managing Vice President of Beihang University, presided over the meeting.

President Xu Huibin delivered a report
At the meeting, President Xu Huibin reported on the circumstances and requirements faced by Beihang in terms of development. Based on the achievements made by the university in 2018, he analyzed, interpreted and arranged the work in 2019, laying emphasis on party construction, discipline development, teaching and research advance as well as management and service improvement. In the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening-up, every Beihanger should make even greater efforts to build the university into a world-class one rooted in China with confidence, enthusiasm, perseverance, determination and innovation.

Attendees had discussions in groups
According to the report and the specific tasks, the attendees fully discussed the work focuses in 2019 on the basis of the reality of every branch. The results of their discussions were reported by the representatives of the groups at the meeting for further brainstorming. All the participants acknowledged the value of the meeting and agreed to make joint efforts to bring the work plan into reality, aiming to achieve greater development and progress in all the causes of the university.

Secretary Cao Shumin made a summary
Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee, summarized the meeting by pointing out the importance of party construction, security and stability, discipline and campus development, improvement in the quality of teaching and teachers, talent training, association between research and national strategy, enhancement of governance capability and level. According to her, the university should aim for quality and connotative development. Furthermore, she stressed on the consideration of both the general requirements of the country and the specific work focuses as well as the solidarity and full efforts necessary for achievements to be made.


Commendation was given to the excellent secondary units
Some secondary units evaluated as excellent in 2018 were also cited at the meeting.
The work focuses in 2019 will be officially printed and distributed after being perfected in the light of the comments and suggestions proposed at the meeting.
 
Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu and Song Chao
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:188
TITLE:Prominent Crosstalk Artist Jiang Kun Invited to Deliver Aesthetic Education Lecture
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3482.htm
TEXT:
Prominent Crosstalk Artist Jiang Kun Invited to Deliver Aesthetic Education Lecture
                

                    Release time：April 12, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On the afternoon of April 7, Mr. Jiang Kun, a renowned crosstalk artist and Chairman of the China Quyi Artists Association delivered a lecture on Chinese Quyi to Beihang students and professors. Also in attendance were Professor Meng Zhaoyi, a famous performing artist, a Level-A actor of the China Broadcasting Performing Arts Troupe, and a main lecturer of the Aesthetic Education Course “Language and Performing Arts” at Beihang, Professor Zhu Dun, a celebrated oboe player and educator, professor at the Central Conservatory of Music, a recipient of special government subsidies from the State Council, and a “National Outstanding Teacher”, Professor Ge Qinglong, Vice President of the Chinese Telling and Singing Art Society, Chen Weiping, Vice Secretary General of the Chinese Telling and Singing Art Society, and also leaders and teachers from Tianjin Normal University, China Agricultural University and China Academy of Arts. Beihang Vice President Lyu Weifeng welcomed the guests in the VIP House of the Concert Hall, and more than 600 students and teachers listened to the lecture at the Sunrise Concert Hall.



Mr. Jiang Kun introduced the history, development characteristics, origin, and genres of Quyi, as well as the representative figures of each Quyi genre. His humorous and interesting explanation woncontinuous applause from the audience. He stressed that in order to establish cultural self-confidence and promote cultural self-improvement, the first thing is to inherit and carry forward the excellent Chinese traditional culture. He highlighted that Chinese Quyi, as an integral part of this traditional culture, boasts a long history, a variety of forms, and a deep foundation among the masses. It is considered a treasure of folk art born and raised in China, and a valuable spiritual wealth of Chinese people.


Afterwards, Li Chunyi, a crosstalk artist of the China Coal Mine Art Troupe, the gold medal winner of the Ma Ji Cup National Crosstalk Competition, and the instructor of the Beihang Opera Troupe, along with Dong Yihui, a graduate student of the School of Energy and Power Engineering, performed a wonderful crosstalk for the audience.

Mr. Wang Yuebo, a book reviewer of the China Coal Mine Art Troupe, Vice Chairman of the Beijing Ballad Singers Association and a representative inheritor of the Beijing Xicheng District Intangible Cultural Heritage (Beijing Book Review), performed a short but impressive book review.

The actors’ proficient skills and wonderful performances won a full house.
Professor Shen Xukun, Dean of the School of New Media Art and Design and Director of the Aesthetic Education Center of Beihang University, made a closing speech.
At the end, Mr. Jiang Kun presented an inscription “Tian Xiao Qu Yi Tuan” to Beihang Opera Troupe, while Zhuang Yan, Secretary of the Youth League Committee of Beihang University, presented a gift to Mr. Jiang Kun in return.


After the lecture, students and teachers eagerly came to the stage to take pictures with Mr. Jiang Kun. The event came to an end in a joyful and warm atmosphere.



Reported by Yang Zichu
Photographed by Di Bailu and Jiang Haiyang
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:189
TITLE:Undergraduate Publishes Article in The Astrophysical Journal
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2561.htm
TEXT:
Undergraduate Publishes Article in The Astrophysical Journal
                

                    Release time：January 29, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, Chen Xiaohang, an undergraduate instructed by Prof. Fu Huishan from the School of Space and Environment, published an article entitled Magnetic Nulls in the Reconnection Driven by Turbulence in The Astrophysical Journal.
Using spacecraft measurements to investigate the magnetic nulls in a reconnection event driven by turbulence in the magnetosheath, this research reveals the relation between magnetic-null topologies and currents. It significantly contributes to further understanding of the mechanism of energy conversion and particle acceleration in magnetic reconnection.


Magnetic reconnection is a process of rapid energy dissipation in space physics, astrophysics and experimental plasma physics, converting the magnetic energy stored in the magnetic field into the kinetic energy, thermal energy and radiant energy of particles. It is regarded as a direct reason for high-energy blasts in space and magnetic disturbance in nuclear fusion.
At present, it is generally believed that magnetic reconnection appears at the null points. Recent research shows that magnetic-null topologies directly influence the reconnection rate andare closely related to the turbulence and energy dissipation during the reconnection.
Established in 1895, The Astrophysical Journal is one of the top journals in the field of astronomy and astrophysics, with an impact factor of 5.533 in 2016. It was rated as one of the 68 most influential journals by Nature.


The research is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China.
Click the following link for further reading:
http://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.3847/1538-4357/aa9991
  
Reported by Ding Yongbin
Edited by Shi Yue and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:190
TITLE:President of Hanyang University Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3479.htm
TEXT:
President of Hanyang University Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：April 12, 2023 / Wen Li
                


On the afternoon of April 7, President Ki Jeong Lee, Vice President Han Sung Kim and Head of International Affairs Sarah Kim of Hanyang University visited Beihang University. President Wang Yunpeng met with the guests in the VIP room of the Ruxin Conference Center, accompanied by Vice President Huang Haijun and heads of the International Division, the Graduate School and the School of Electronic Information Engineering.

Wang Yunpeng introduced the basic condition of Beihang and reviewed the achievements made by both sides in the fields of talent cultivation and scientific research cooperation. He noted that Hanyang University is an important partner of Beihang University, and since the establishment of the university-level cooperation, the two have made close and fruitful cooperation in fields including mutual visits by professors, exchange of students and joint publication of papers. Beihang University is looking forward to more in-depth and comprehensive cooperation with Hanyang University.
President Ki Jeong Lee expressed his gratitude for the warm reception of Beihang. He said that the friendship between Beihang University and Hanyang University had a long history. The cooperation between the two universities has a strong foundation and the communication is extensive. Ki Jeong Lee has visited Beihang for many times and witnessed the development of cooperation between the two universities. In the future, he hoped to further strengthen communication with Beihang University, deepen friendship and cooperation, and promote the cooperation to a new stage.

Afterwards, Huang Haijun and guests from Hanyang University had an in-depth discussion on the cooperation between the two universities. Both sides introduced their latest development in education, scientific research and international cooperation, and fully exchanged views and reached a consensus on topics such as double degree/joint training programs, bilateral seminars and exchange of high-level visits.
Established in 1939, Hanyang University is one of the top private comprehensive universities in Korea, and today it has two campuses in Seoul and Ansan, 30,943 students, and 5,016 faculty and staff members. The university offers a wide range of disciplines, including science, engineering, humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, biological sciences, economics, art, and design. It excels in STEM fields, with engineering specialties like architecture, civil engineering, materials science, chemical engineering, and mechanical engineering being among the top 100 worldwide. Hanyang university is ranked 157th overall and 37th among Asian universities in the QS World University Rankings 2023.


Reported by Cao Zhengqi
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:191
TITLE:Team of Prof. Zhang Guofeng Publishes Achievements in Physical Review Letters
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2167.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Zhang Guofeng Publishes Achievements in Physical Review Letters
                

                    Release time：August 3, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


Quantum multicritical behavior is an elementary and central concept in the quantum phase transition. At quantum multicritical points, a number of phase transitions of different properties will become indistinguishable and at the same time, there will be distinct multicritical behaviors. Through many researches on this phenomenon, scientists have found many particular multicritical phenomena and novel quantum universality classes, which have advanced the understanding of quantum phase transition to a considerable extent. Although multicritical behavior is of great peculiarity and importance, scientists have encountered great difficulties in its experiments and observation. As for the universal behaviors near multicritical points, even greater difficulties are faced by the experimental research. In order to observe the universal behavior of multicritical phenomena, the system needs to be expanded to a sufficient size, while maintaining good maneuverability and reliability under noisy conditions, which, however, are difficult and even unfeasible in the experiment. Due to these difficulties, it is still experimentally impossible to observe universality classes and related critical behaviors, which are the core of multicritical behaviors.
Recently, under the guidance of Prof. Zhang Guofeng, doctoral student Zhu Hanjie from the School of Physics collaborated with researcher Liu Wuming from the Institute of Physics of Chinese Academy of Sciences to extend the multicritical phenomenon to the system of finite components and study how to detect the universal behavior at multicritical points in the noisy environment. Through introducing a staggered atomic bias structure, the multicritical behavior of a finite system can appear in the Dicke Model and the multicritical points can be described by a series of multicritical universality classes. Furthermore, an ion trap-based experimental scheme was proposed, which can enable the multicritical phenomenon with the finite size and multicritical phenomena to appear within the allowable range of experimental parameters. With the consideration of environmental noise, the results showed the possibility of revealing universality classes at the multicritical points and provided new clues for the research on multicritical behaviors. The work was published in Physical Review Letters on July 28. Doctoral student Zhu Hanjie is the first author and Prof. Zhang Guofeng is the corresponding author.
This work was supported by the General Program of National Natural Science Foundation of China, National Major Scientific, Funds for Instrument Development Project, Innovative Research Group Project, the Key R&D Program of The Ministry of Science and Technology, Pilot Project of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, etc.

Fig.1 Qubit-bosonic field system which can produce multicritical phenomena of finite components

Fig.2 Phase diagram of the system (a, c) and corresponding order parameters (b, d)

Fig. 3 Observation of multicritical universal behavior in the noisy environment (numerical simulation results)

More information is available at:
https://journals.aps.org/prl/pdf/10.1103/PhysRevLett.125.050402



Reported by Cai Hongyan
Reviewed by Li Guangchao
Edited by Sun Yecheng
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:192
TITLE:Beihang Signs Joint Cooperation Agreement with BICI 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3041.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Joint Cooperation Agreement with BICI
                

                    Release time：April 9, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On the afternoon of April 6th, Beihang University and Beijing Institute of Collaborative Innovation (BICI) held discussions and signed a cooperation agreement on the establishment of Innovation Center for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region (BTH Innovation Center) in Ruxin Convention Center.

Among the attendees were Party Secretary of Haidian District Yu Jun, BICI President Wang Jixiang, BICI Vice Presidents Lyu Dongjiao and Luo Lin, Beihang President Xu Huibin, Beihang Vice President Wang Yunpeng, President Assistant and Director of the Institute of Science and Technology Wang Rongqiao, etc. The signing ceremony was hosted by Wang Rongqiao.
On behalf of Beihang Univerisity, President Xu Huibin extended his warm welcome to the delegates and briefed on the development of Beihang in recent years from the aspects of discipline planning and scientific research. He stressed that it has been made clear in the national strategies that innovation remains at the heart of China’s modernization drive and we should strengthen our science and technology to provide strategic support for China’s development. The establishment of the BTH Innovation Center is a major move made to respond to the call of the country as well as an essential layout of building the National Center for Science and Technology Innovation. He hoped that the two sides would take this agreement as an opportunity to deepen cooperation and to reinforce complementarity between each other, so as to serve the country’s strategic needs and promote the in-depth integration of industries, universities and research institutes.

Wang Jixiang introduced the background of the establishment of BTH Innovation Center and its strategic goals. Global technology and innovation have seen profound changes over the years. He pointed out that under the current situation, science and technology innovation should focus on the building of innovation system and the application of results of major basic research in industries. By leveraging the science and education advantages of Beihang, the Center aims to build a synergized innovation community, explore a new way for Sci-Tech innovation as well as a new pattern for national development, and contribute to the establishment of International Center for Science and Technology Innovation.

Yu Jun expressed his congratulations on the cooperation between Beihang and BICI. He pointed out that, on the one hand, BICI carries the dual responsibility of promoting the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and innovation-driven development; on the other hand, Beihang University shoulders the noble mission and ambitious goals. It has made great contribution to China's space exploration cause and economic and social development. He added that Haidian District will further strengthen the building of an enabling system for innovation and provide its full support to contribute to making China a country of innovators.

At the ceremony, Yu Jun, Wang Jixiang and Xu Huibin witnessed the signing of the agreements and then unveiled two frontier laboratories and the Innovation Center for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region.



According to the agreement, the two parties will work together to actively promote the research and development of frontier science and technology and the application of results of major basic research in industries, cultivate innovative and entrepreneurial talents, and provide strong support for the building of the national innovation system and the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.



Reported by Song Chao and Wang Yanjie
Photographed by Di Bailu and Liu Yaoze
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:193
TITLE:Beihang Leaders Attend Celebration Conference of 40th Anniversary of CAHE and World University Presidents Forum
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3571.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Leaders Attend Celebration Conference of 40th Anniversary of CAHE and World University Presidents Forum
                

                    Release time：August 7, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On July 30, the 40th Anniversary of China Association of Higher Education (CAHE) was held in Beijing. Zhao Changlu, Vice President of CAHE and Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, attended the conference. Meanwhile, the World University Presidents Forum, jointly organized by CAHE, Peking University, and Tsinghua University, was held from July 30 to 31. Beihang President Wang Yunpeng attended the forum and delivered a keynote speech.

On July 30, at the 40th Anniversary of CAHE, Cai Dafeng, Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and Chairman of the Central Committee of the Democratic League, attended the event and gave a speech. Among the attendees were also leaders and representatives from relevant authorities including the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Civil Affairs, China Association for Science and Technology, Beijing Municipal People’s Government, etc.

From July 30 to 31, the World University Presidents Forum was held in Beijing under the theme of "An Era of Transformation and the Mission of Universities". More than 500 guests from 36 countries and regions participated in the forum.

At the main forum, 40 university presidents expanded discussions around five sub-topics. Regarding “Future Required Competence for Talents and the Transformation of Training Mode”, President Wang Yunpeng stated in his speech that to cultivate outstanding scientists and excellent engineers for the future, universities need to nurture four kinds of abilities in their students, including a shaper sense of questioning, excellence in organizing and coordinating, a passion for innovation, and open global competence. Wang Yunpeng expressed his hope that in the context of global educational governance, Chinese and foreign universities will strengthen cooperation, jointly explore high-quality, internationalized scientific and educational integration, and cultivate high-level talents with scientific knowledge, humanistic literacy, engineering capabilities, and international vision.

Beihang has dispatched nearly 60 volunteers to participate in tasks including guest reception, vehicle guidance, hotel reception, and conference services, serving nearly a thousand people in total.
This year's World University Presidents Forum is a large-scale, high-level, and influential event for international educational exchange, aiming to create a new academic platform for communication, cooperation, and integration between China and foreign countries.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:194
TITLE:Macbeth by TNT Theater Britain Put on Stage at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2429.htm
TEXT:
Macbeth by TNT Theater Britain Put on Stage at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：November 16, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Shakespeare's tragedy Macbeth, presented by TNT Theater Britain, was put on stage at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall on the evening of November 13.


Macbeth, created in 1606, is recognized as one of William Shakespeare's four greatest tragedies, together with Hamlet, Othello and King Lear. Based upon Holinshed’s Chronicles of England, Scotland and Ireland, Macbeth is “the most powerful story of evil” and reveals the inherent evil of human nature and the struggle under the temptation of demons. In the war-torn Scotland, the protagonist Macbeth received a prophecy from three witches that one day he will become King of Scotland. Following their demagogic words, Macbeth’s conscience is gradually devoured by his wild ambition and, spurred to action by his wife, he murders his king Duncanand takes the throne for himself. Later Macbeth even orders murderers to kill his friend Banquo. At the end, Macbeth dies in a battle between him and Macduff.




Macbeth is a masterpiece that goes deep into the psychologies of characters. During the performance, the TNT Theater, with elaborate stage design and full control of the on-site sound and lighting, rendered an insidious atmosphere of the original work and staged a stunning performance. The actors artfully depicted the psychological activities of the characters through their body language, classic dialogues and internal monologues, bring the audience into the inner world of the characters in the drama. The drama vividly portrayed how the hero Macbeth, who repeatedly built wonders, gradually became a cruel tyrant and finally faced his doom. The drama won thunderous applause from the audience at the end of the performance.




Founded in 1980, TNT Theatre Britain is one of the most popular international touring theatre companies in the world, almost covering the whole English drama market in Germany and also being the most performed theatre in France, Japan and Russia. Last season alone the company produced 14 productions which have kept performing over a thousand scenes on three continents. From 1993, The Theatre began to join hands with American Drama Group Europe for co-productions. Paul Stebbings, Artistic Director of TNT Theatre Britain, has won numerous awards at, e.g., the Munich Biennale, the Edinburgh Festival and the Tehran Festival. 
  
Reported and edited by Yang Xinyu
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:195
TITLE:SEE SEA Study Tour to Spain Concluded
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2458.htm
TEXT:
SEE SEA Study Tour to Spain Concluded
                

                    Release time：October 8, 2018 / Li Siying
                


The study tour to Spain sponsored by the SEE SEA Fund of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering concluded recently after visits to various famous Spanish universities, museums, and a famous church.
The study tour to Spain this year combined exchanges between universities with visits and investigations, giving the tour group an insight into the Spanish culture and its difference from that of China.
The SEE SEA Study Tour Fund has been set up since 2016 to support the overseas study exchange programs of the graduate students in the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering. It is believed to help students broaden the horizon, cultivate international thoughts, enrich global experience, and enhance the “Matters of Confidence”, all of which are vital to the development of the correct outlook on life, values and world view.
The Technical University of Madrid (UPM)
Founded in 1971, the Technical University of Madrid (UPM) is among the top three technical universities in Spain. The School of Technical Aeronautical Engineering lies in a small hillside. There are aircraft engines, propellers, double-wing aircrafts, models of launch vehicles on display on the first floor of its building, forming a strong sense of aeronautic research in the hall. The teachers at UPM expressed their expectation for more cooperation with China in the field of aeronautical engineering.




Universidad Autónoma de Madrid (UAM)
Universidad Autónoma de Madrid (UAM) is one of the six public universities in Marid, comprehensively ranking the 3rdin Spain. It was the earliest university to establish cooperation partnerships with Chinese universities. The tour group visited the campus with the company of the local contact persons. They told the study tour group that with the implementation of the Belt and Road Initiative, there are more and more Chinese elements in Spain in recent years. 
Picasso Museum
The Museu Picasso (Picasso Museum), located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, houses one of the most extensive collections of artworks by the 20th-century Spanish artist Pablo Picasso. The study tour group met two Chinese students copying famous works there and communicated with them about the Spanish style of teaching in class.


Prado Museum
Located in central Madrid, the Museo Nacional del Prado (Prado Museum) is the main Spanish national art museum. It is widely considered to have one of the world's finest collections of European art, dating from the 12th century to the early 20th century, based on the former Spanish Royal Collection, and the single best collection of Spanish art.


Sagrada Familia
The Sagrada Familia (Basilica and Expiatory Church of the Holy Family) is a large unfinished Roman Catholic church in Barcelona, designed by Catalan architect Antoni Gaudí. Gaudí's work on the building is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and in November 2010 Pope Benedict XVI consecrated and proclaimed it a minor basilica, as distinct from a cathedral, which must be the seat of a bishop. During their visit, the study tour group there met an old Chinese man who worked in the United Nations now and missed his home country. He said that he felt very glad to meet his countrymen in a foreign place, and that his dream was to return to China one day to devote his knowledge and experience to his motherland.


The 7-day study tour has been fruitful, giving the group a great chance to learn about the Spanish culture and customs, as well as to perceive how the Belt and Road Initiative proposed by China benefits and facilitates the cross-border communication in all fields.
  
Reported by Ouyang Zhongjie
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:196
TITLE:Beihang ACM-ICPC Teams Claim Two Gold Medals in the 4th CCPC Jilin Division
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2466.htm
TEXT:
Beihang ACM-ICPC Teams Claim Two Gold Medals in the 4th CCPC Jilin Division
                

                    Release time：September 25, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Two teams from Beihang ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest (ACM-ICPC) training center won two gold medals in the 4th China Collegiate Programming Contest (CCPC) held in Jilin on September 22nd. One team is made up of Jiang Shenghu from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Wang Jiayi and Guo Ronghao, who are both from the School of Software. The other team is comprised with Zhou Huanyu, He Mingrui and Xiang Hongyi, and all three are from the School of Computer Science and Engineering.


227 teams from 140 well-known colleges and universities such as Tsinghua University, Peking University, Nanjing University, Zhejiang University and Fuzhou University participated in this regional contest which set 23 gold prizes, 46 silver prizes and 68 bronze prizes respectively.
The CCPC, sponsored by the Committee of China Collegiate Programming Contest, is an international annual event for university students around the world. It aims to stimulate students' interest in learning algorithms and programming, improve their abilities of algorithm design, logic reasoning, mathematical modeling, programming and English reading, motivate students to apply computer programming techniques to solve practical problems, and cultivate students’ awareness of innovation, team work and challenging spirit. The Contest plans to hold three sub-contests in Jilin, Qinhuangdao and Guilin respectively, and the annual finals in Shenzhen this year.
The Beihang ACM-ICPC training centre, headed by the Office of Academic Affairs and organized by the School of Software, brings together undergraduate students from various schools of the university for the pre-competition training. Every year, the Beihang intramural programming competition will be organized in December, and the Beihang tryouts will be held in May. Eventually, about 40 students, in group of three, will be selected for the centralized training during summer vacation. From September, the selected teams start to participate in the network trials and field trials of ACM-ICPC (Asian contest areas) and CCPC. The universities that qualify for the ACM-ICPC regional contests will take part in the global finals next April, and those going through the CCPC division contests will participate in the annual finals in November of that year.
  
Reported by Jiang Shenghu
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:197
TITLE:Chinese Journal of Aeronautics sponsored by Beihang University Ranks 7th in Q1 of the Engineering-Aerospace Category 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2310.htm
TEXT:
Chinese Journal of Aeronautics sponsored by Beihang University Ranks 7th in Q1 of the Engineering-Aerospace Category
                

                    Release time：June 21, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Chinese Journal of Aeronautics (CJA), sponsored by Beihang University, ranks 7th (out of 31 journals, Q1 quartile) in the Engineering-Aerospace category, according to the 2019 SCI Journal Citation Report released by Web of Science Group on June 20.
Within the 31 journals of the Engineering-Aerospace category indexed in SCI, CJA is the only journal based in China. Compared with last year, the impact factor (IF) of CJA increases from 1.614 to 2.095 (up 29.8%), surpassing all journals sponsored by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA), including AIAA Journal, Journal of Guidance Control and Dynamics, and Journal of Propulsion and Power. This year also witnesses an increase of 31% in citations (from 2,138 to 2,846).
Under the leadership of China Association for Science and Technology, Chinese Association of Aeronautics and Astronautics and Beihang University and the support of Project for Enhancing International Impact of China STM Journals and the "peak action" plan for Chinese science and technology journals, CJA follows up the hot topics of the subject and solicits excellent manuscripts to display the latest research results in the field of aerospace, which has achieved remarkable results in recent years.

Reported by Cai Fei
Reviewed by Liu Xiaolong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:198
TITLE:Beihang Confers Honorary Professorship to Professor M. Jamal Deen, Fellow of CAE and RSC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2508.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Confers Honorary Professorship to Professor M. Jamal Deen, Fellow of CAE and RSC
                

                    Release time：July 4, 2018 / Sophie Peng
                


On June 28th, the appointment ceremony of Prof. M. Jamal Deen as an honorary professor at Beihang University was held at the New Main Building.  
Prof. M. Jamal Deen is a Distinguished Professor at McMaster University, Senior Research Chair Professor in Canada, Director of the Micro- and Nano-Systems Laboratory, Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering (CAE) and the Royal Society of Canada (RSC), as well as a winner of the Canadian Medal. He served as President of the Academy of Science of the Royal Society of Canada from 2015 to 2017. Prof. Deen’s main research areas include nanoelectronics, opto-electronics, nanotechnology, data analysis, and their application in medical health and environmental science.
At the ceremony, Dean of School of Automation Lv Jinhu delivered his speech and issued the letter of appointment for Beihang’s honorary professor to Prof. Jamal Deen. Director of the Academic Committee Zhao Qinping sent his congratulatory message to Prof. Deen. Prof. Deen expressed his gratitude for this honor and hoped to cooperate deeper with Beihang in the future. Li Yang, Vice Dean of School of Automation, presided over the ceremony.


Prof. Deen and his team composed of internationally renowned experts in areas such as information technology, loT, WIT120, cloud computing and artificial intelligence started cooperating with Prof. Zhang Lin’s team, School of Automation, on medical data cloud platform in 2015. Prof. Deen is also a part-time Chief Scientist of the Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data-Based Precision Medicine of Beihang University. Their collaboration will help promote Beihang’s research and application in such fields as wise and precise medical treatment and improve Beihang’s international influence in these areas.
Following the ceremony, Prof. Deed delivered a lecture entitled “Smart Sensors and loT-Research, Trends and Opportunities”. The lecture introduced the application of intelligent sensing and Internet of Things technology in the area of health and medical treatment, as well as the opportunities and challenges they face. More than forty teachers and students from different schools listened to the lecture.
  
Reporter: Yuan Yang
Editor: Chao Song
Translator: Sophie Peng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:199
TITLE:The 33rd “Fengru Cup” Student Innovation and Entrepreneurship Achievement Exhibition of Beihang University Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3527.htm
TEXT:
The 33rd “Fengru Cup” Student Innovation and Entrepreneurship Achievement Exhibition of Beihang University Held
                

                    Release time：May 24, 2023 / Ziyun
                


From May 20 to 21, the 33rd “Fengru Cup” Student Innovation and Entrepreneurship Achievement Exhibition of Beihang University was held on the second floor of New Main Building, Xueyuan Road campus. Beihang Party Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, and Deputy Party Secretary Cheng Bo visited the exhibition.

During the exhibition, university leaders engaged in friendly conversations with participating students, showing a sincere interest in the progress of their innovative projects from various schools. They diligently inquired about the students’ insights and gains in innovation and entrepreneurship, and encouraged them to diligently study their professional knowledge and leverage the technological innovation resources provided by the university. They urged the students to continue their enthusiastic practice of innovation and entrepreneurship, with the goal of blossoming into successful young individuals.

The exhibition showcased a wide range of exceptional projects, including those from various tracks of the prestigious “Fengru Cup” competition, as well as outstanding projects stemming from scientific research courses and the Beihang Experimental School. It provided a various-in-form and rich-in-content display of the vibrant culture of innovation and entrepreneurship for both teachers and students. Additionally, an exciting highlight of the event was the on-site defense session for the main track production group of this year’s competition. With rigorous evaluations during the defense and commendations from scientific research courses, a total of 32 works emerged as top contenders, qualifying for the first-prize defense in the main track production group.

This year's “Fengru Cup” competition, which commenced in March and will run until the end of May, is now in full swing, spanning a duration of two months. It takes full advantage of the university's scientific research capabilities and its renowned engineer training program, effectively fostering the convergence of industry and education, as well as the integration of science and education. Notably, this year’s competition introduces an innovative “One Cup, Five Tracks” model, encompassing the main track, the Honglv track, the creative track, the industry track, and the international track. The introduction of the industry track marks an exciting addition, where tasks proposed by companies are claimed autonomously by teachers and students with required capabilities. Another noteworthy development is the inclusion of 19 exceptional projects from scientific research courses, which have been selected to participate in the first-prize defense, adding further depth and significance to the competition.


This year, a total of 891 entries were submitted for the main track, 93 entries for the Honglv track, 2,452 entries for the creative track, 37 entries for the industry track, and 36 entries for the international track, with a total of 7,791 participants. There were 1,497 project supervisors from various units, of which over 70% had senior professional and technical titles.



Reported by Wang Yukang
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:200
TITLE:International Students Invited to Attend “Savoring Chinese Food” Activity in Beihang Community
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2261.htm
TEXT:
International Students Invited to Attend “Savoring Chinese Food” Activity in Beihang Community
                

                    Release time：October 28, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On October 22, invited by Beihang Community Committee, foreign students who won Confucius Institute Scholarship (CIS) and part of Chinese students came into Beihang Community for “Savoring Chinese Food”, one of the "Love Beijing, Love Beihang – A Series of Exchange Activities with Foreign Students" held by the committee.

It is the first time for the 10 international students to enter Beihang community where they felt the warmth and enthusiasm of the committee. Wang Yiyi, Deputy Director of Construction Office of Huayuanlu Community and Liu Tonghua, Party Secretary of Beihang Community and Director of the Committee, had a cordial conversation with these students, inquiring about their living conditions in Beijing and Beihang. Bai Tongdi, a CIS student from UK, thanked the committee for providing the opportunity for international students to experience the life of Chinese people. Li Hua from Zimbabwe and Yamamoto Yoko from Japan also showed their voice and talent. The residents talked with the students, and gave handmade pearl weaving works to them as gifts.

Following that, volunteers from Beihang community taught the students how to make dumplings, a traditional Chinese food. They also explained the customs and origins of traditional Chinese festivals to the students. When the hot dumplings were cooked, the students tasted the fruits of their work and sighed, “These dumplings embodies the friendship of our ten countries.” Many students expressed their willingness to participate in more services of Beihang community in the future.

Beihang Community Committee will continue to carry out a series of activities to enhance the understanding between residents and foreign students, so that students can not only experience Chinese culture, but also feel the enthusiasm of Chinese people and the good spirit of Beihang community.


Reported by Zhu Mingmei
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:201
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Prizes in 2020 Beijing Postgraduate English Speech Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2845.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Prizes in 2020 Beijing Postgraduate English Speech Contest
                

                    Release time：December 11, 2020 / Wen Peiyu
                


Beihang students won several prizes in the final of the 2020 Beijing Postgraduate English Speech Contest held at Beijing Jiaotong University on the morning of December 6.
Zhou Yipai from School of Computer Science and Engineering was honored with the first prize, Ma Xinyu from School of Humanities and Social Sciences nabbed the second prize, and Feng Haonan, Wang Shihong, Cheng Yuan and Wang Hanzhou won the third prize. Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the competition was held online via Tencent Meeting this year.

Zhou Yipai, winner of the first prize in the final

Ma Xinyu, winner of the second prize in the final
Graduate School and the School of Foreign Languages of Beihang University have attached great importance to this competition. In preparation for the competition, the “Beihang Postgraduate English Speech Contest and Campus Trials for Beijing Postgraduate English Speech Contest” was held by the Public Foreign Language Graduate Education Department of the School of Foreign Languages, in which 6 participants were selected for the Beijing Semi-final. After that, several experienced teachers including Guo Wei, Sun Hongli, Zhang Yu and Liu Weiwei conducted a one-month online intensive training for these contestants.

The winners of the Campus Trials took photos with the judges
Sponsored by Beijing Association of Higher Education (BAHE), Beijing Postgraduate English Speech Contest is an annual English speech competition for non-English major postgraduates in Beijing. The theme of this year’s competition is “China’s Fight Against Covid-19 Pandemic.” Nearly 100 students from over 30 universities and colleges took part in the Semi-final. After rounds of selection, 18 participants were chosen for the final competition.


Reported by Du Lin
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:202
TITLE:Beihang President Xu Huibin Addresses the 1st International Forum on Engineering Education on Reform and Innovation of Talent Cultivation
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2465.htm
TEXT:
Beihang President Xu Huibin Addresses the 1st International Forum on Engineering Education on Reform and Innovation of Talent Cultivation
                

                    Release time：September 26, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 1st International Forum on Engineering Education, which was jointly hosted by Tsinghua University, Chinese Academy of Engineering and UNESCO, was convened in Tsinghua University from September 24 to 25.


At the forum [Photo/Tsinghua]
Beihang President Xu Huibin attended the forum and delivered a keynote speech entitled “Reform and Innovation: Philosophy, Practice and Reflections on Engineering Education” in the Principals’ Forum held on the afternoon of September 24th.


At the Principals’ Forum
Divided into three parts: Challenges in a Time of Rapid Change, Practice and Reform of Beihang University and Forging into the Future, President Xu’s report expounded challenges that era transformation brought to the creative talents cultivation mode, introduced the development, reform and innovation of engineering education at the present stage as well as the exploration and practice of talent training reform of Beihang University in recent years, and put forward a vision for the future development of engineering education.


President Xu Huibin delivered his speech
In his remarks, President Xu noted that industrial development and technological advancement are inextricably intertwined with the concept and practice of engineering education. Beihang University has cultivated a number of leading figures and pioneering talents for the aerospace and defense industries in China since its inception. Forging into the new era, Beihang should not only stick to its original mission, but also innovate and strive to cultivate new generations who can bear the responsibility of national rejuvenation.
Living in an era of “knowledge explosion” and growing up with the Internet, the the contemporary students should be cultivated with education that must advance with the times. President Xu indicated that the concept and model of engineering education should undergo changes to meet the personalized needs of students. He shared the experiences on the exploration of talent training reform of Beihang University in recent years at the forum:
Adhering to the ideology of “nurturing top students into first-class talents”, Beihang University prioritizes the cultivation of exceptional students. In 2017, the university underwent the largest reform in its academic structure since its inception by establishing the Beihang School, which adopts College-based management model to support freshmen and sophomores and strengthens the integration of general and special education. The students are admitted to the university based on their aptitude in general disciplines, and will be nurtured with general education in a broad range of subjects. This move greatly stimulates students’ inner motivation, inspires their enthusiasm, enhances their all-round development, and finally guides the students to achieve self-discovery and self-realization. Moreover, Beihang also attaches great importance to students’ knowledge application and practical ability. The excellent students honed by the “Feng Ru Cup” competition and the world record-breaking “Lunar Palace 365 Experiment” are the best accomplishments under this training mode. 
At the final part, President Xu put forward three questions: What are the implications for teaching and learning in the universities in the future? Where are the boundaries of specialization in the future? How to integrate aesthetics, art and social ethics into engineering education? Around those topics, he shared his thoughts with attendees on the future engineering education. 
With the theme of “Innovation and Development of Engineering Education”, the forum aims to bring together world-renowned scholars and leaders in the fields of engineering education, engineering technology and engineering management to discuss the innovation and development of engineering education, promoting the advancement of engineering technology and social progress and coping with major global challenges.
During the two-day forum, 11 presidents from top universities at home and abroad delivered their keynote speeches around the topics of “Challenges to Engineering Education and Building First-Class Engineering Course” and “Engineering Education for Sustainable Development”. Nearly 50 experts and scholars had group presentations and discussions on topics such as industry-university-research collaboration, innovative practice of engineering education, engineering ethics education and the diversity of engineering education. More than 150 experts, scholars and industry representatives from nearly 20 countries or regions attended the forum.
  
Reported by Shi Yue
Photographed by Song Chao
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:203
TITLE:Beihang Researchers First Apply AI to FMT Reconstruction
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2338.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Researchers First Apply AI to FMT Reconstruction
                

                    Release time：May 10, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, the research team led by Zhang Guanglei from the Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering published their research results entitled “3D Deep Encoder–Decoder Network for Fluorescence Molecular Tomography” in Optics Letters, a world-renowned journal in optics and photonics community. The team demonstrates a novel Fluorescence molecular tomography (FMT) reconstruction method with greatly improved image quality and significantly reduced reconstruction time based on the deep learning technology. In their research, an end-to-end three-dimensional deep encoder–decoder (3D-Encoder–Decoder) network is proposed to improve the quality of FMT reconstruction, which marks the first successful attempt to apply Artificial Intelligence (AI) to FMT reconstruction. The research is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the Programme of Introducing Talents of Discipline to Universities and the Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering.

Model architecture: the 3D deep encoder–decoder (3D-En–Decoder) network
Recent years witness a rapid development of smart health care with the threshold of an “AI plus” era. Some key technologies like deep learning boost a new round of development of AI, which further promotes the integration of AI and the medical industry with data-intensive, knowledge-intensive and mental-work-intensive features. Two enormous challenges researchers face in biological and medical science are the precision cancer detection at early stage and the long-term observation of cancer cells at molecular and cellular levels. The noninvasive, in vivo FMT can track cell and molecular activities including the occurrence, development and transfer of cancer cells in real time. However, the poor image quality and long reconstruction time are main hindrances to the application of FMT to Fluorescence molecular tomography (FMT) biological and medical researches.
Unlike traditional methods in which the FMT reconstruction problem is explicitly defined and domain-knowledge is carefully engineered into the solution, this network does not benefit from prior knowledge like optical parameters, but instead directly establishes the nonlinear mapping relationship between the inside fluorescent source distribution and the boundary fluorescent signal distribution. The parameters of nonlinear mapping are studied and adjusted continuously in the process of network training. With this technique, any inaccuracy caused by establishing the photon propagation model or solving the ill-posed inverse problem can be fundamentally avoided, since the forward and inverse problems do not need to be explicitly solved anymore. Better image contrast and localization accuracy were obtained by using the proposed network. In particular, the new reconstruction speed increases by more than 1,000 times compared to that of the old method.
The paper is available at:
https://www.osapublishing.org/ol/abstract.cfm?uri=ol-44-8-1892

Reported by Lin Ouya and Yang Xiaoyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Liu Yan
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:204
TITLE:20th Beihang Postgraduate Singing Competition Final Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2136.htm
TEXT:
20th Beihang Postgraduate Singing Competition Final Held
                

                    Release time：November 30, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On the evening of Nov. 22, the final round of the 20th Beihang Postgraduate Singing Competition was held at Sunrise Concert Hall. The competition was also live streamed via Bilibili, a popular video sharing website. More than 400 audiences watched the competition at the concert hall while nearly 6,000 people enjoyed this music feast on the Bilibili live-streaming site. Five professional judges, 20 student judges and 50 audience judges were invited to score the competitors.

At the very beginning, the eight finalists warmed up the audience by singing a song together
In the first round of the final competition, eight finalists were randomly divided into four groups to fight for the qualification of the second round. In this round, Cui Jieming, Li Mingkai, Zhou Chengjia and Ai Li stood out and successfully entered the next round. Then Pan Ke survived in a repechage and became the top five finalists.
The competition got fiercer in the second round in which the five finalists strove for the top two places. Cui Jieming and Ai Li, who performed “Time machine” and “Yi Yan Nan Jin (It’s beyond explanation)”, respectively, got the highest scores and entered the final round for the championship.

Zhou Huixin sang the song “Knight”

Cui Jieming (the second from the left) and Pan Ke (the third from the left) were waiting for the voting result
In the final round, the two competitors did not spare themselves and heartily performed themselves. After the fierce 3-hour competition, Ai Li, a post-graduate student from the School of Transportation Science and Engineering won the first prize, and Cui Haoming from the same school won the second prize.

Ai Li sang at the stage
Besides the brilliant performances given by the eight finalists, other guests including the past winners of the competition or dancers from Beihang’s hip-hop club also staged impressive performances for audiences. Wang Tianyang, the winner of the 17th Beihang Postgraduate Singing Competition and a member of Xie Tingfeng’s vocal group in “2020 The Voice of China” sang a song called “The Sky is Dark” and shared his story of singing.

Wang Tianyang sang the song “The Sky is Dark”

The group photo of the eight finalists



Reported by Liu Yijin
Photographed by Han Zhenghuan and Yang Chenghong
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:205
TITLE:Professor Wang Yunhong Wins 2022 Maria Petrou Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3356.htm
TEXT:
Professor Wang Yunhong Wins 2022 Maria Petrou Award
                

                    Release time：August 29, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                



From August 21 to 25, 2022, the 26th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR) was held in Montreal, Canada. The conference announced the results of the 2022 Maria Petrou Award of the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR).
Professor Wang Yunhong from the School of Computer Science and Engineering of Beihang University won this award for her outstanding academic contribution to pattern recognition and biometric recognition, her academic service in the field of pattern recognition and her role model as a leading scientist. She is the first Chinese to receive this award since the award was established.

The International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR), founded in 1978, is an international academic organization in the field of pattern recognition (https://iapr.org).  IAPR has established the Female Scientist/Engineer Award, named after female Professor Maria Petrou, to reward female scientists who have made important contributions in pattern recognition and related fields and can serve as role models for female researchers. The prize is awarded every two years to one person each time and is presented at ICPR.


Reported by Huang Di
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Li Jianxin
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:206
TITLE:President of National University of Sciences and Technology Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2415.htm
TEXT:
President of National University of Sciences and Technology Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：December 7, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the afternoon of December 4th, a delegation of four people led by Naweed Zaman, President of National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST), Pakistan and Ata ur Rahman, Counsellor of Pakistani Embassy in China, visited Beihang University. Beihang President Huang Haijun, as well as relative representatives from the International Division, International School, School of Cyberspace Security and School of BeiDou and the Silk Road, met the guests at the conference center of New Main Building.


Vice President Huang extended his warm welcome to President Zaman and reviewed the cooperation between NUST and Beihang, especially the progress achieved since the two universities signed the memorandum of cooperation on jointly building the School of BeiDou and the Silk Road at the One Belt and One Road International Cooperation Summit Forum last year. He also expressed his hope to further deepen the cooperation with NUST in the fields of talent cultivation, scientific research, and so on. 
President Zaman noted that NUST attached great importance to establishing close cooperative partnership with Beihang. He highly praised the cooperative results accomplished between the two universities, and hoped that both sides would conduct deeper level of cooperation and further promote people-to-people exchanges. Following him, leaders from the School of Cyberspace Security and School of BeiDou and the Silk Road introduced the current development of their schools and future cooperation plans, respectively.


After the meeting, the delegation toured the Lunar Palace 1 laboratory at Beihang University.
Founded in 1991, the National University of Sciences and Technology, Pakistan is a top research university in Pakistan, with its main campus located in Islamabad. It is a comprehensive university covering engineering, science, business, management, social science and other disciplines. 
  
Reported by Cao Qizheng
Photographed by Han Siyu
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:207
TITLE:Beihang Teacher Makes Keynote Address at 2020 Global MOOC Conference
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2861.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teacher Makes Keynote Address at 2020 Global MOOC Conference
                

                    Release time：December 21, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


The 2020 Global MOOC Conference, jointly organized by Tsinghua University and UNESCO IITE, was held at Tsinghua University from December 9 to 11. Chen Baosheng, Minister of Education of China, made the keynote speech at the conference in which he shared China’s innovation and exploration in MOOC promotion and online education. The event was live-streamed globally via various media platforms such as Xinhuanet, People’s Daily online, Yangshipin and the official website of Global MOOC Conference. It was attended both onsite and virtually by people from more than 2,000 institutes, universities and online education platforms.

At the subforum with the theme of “Virtual Simulation: Information Technology and Educational Reform” held on December 9, Liu Hu, the deputy director of National Virtual Simulation Experiment Teaching Center of Aeronautic Science and Technology and the academic leader of "VR+ aviation" research area in State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems, made a detailed introduction to the competition items of “Intelligent Connected Vehicle and Flight Vehicle Design and Simulation”, a new competition initiated by Beihang University.
The Flight Vehicle Design and Simulation Competition include two categories of items: one focuses on overall aircraft designs while the other targets on the multi-task scenarios such as the large-scale urgent rescue task for typhoon catastrophe. The competition was participated by hundreds of teams from 50 universities in 18 provinces.
Oriented by national major strategical demands, the Flight Vehicle Design and Simulation Competition is initiated on an interdisciplinary basis. Beihang also attempts to take the advantages of this competition to explore and pioneer a new model of national university student competition that touches upon virtual simulation, which will further contribute to a novel, interdisciplinary talent cultivation system.


Reported by Liang Qiao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Lin Guiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:208
TITLE:Beihang Welcomes 2020 Freshmen
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2159.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Welcomes 2020 Freshmen
                

                    Release time：September 18, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On September 14, Beihang’s 2020 freshmen wheeled suitcases full of their belongings into Beihang, getting ready for undergraduate enrollment.



The university has been well-prepared for greeting freshmen in advance, with voluntary services put on standby at airports, train stations, classrooms, canteens, dorms, etc.



Beihang’s transit buses stood by at different airports and train stations, poised for driving new students to the two campuses directly. At the check-in locations, shuttle buses were arranged to ferry students to their dormitories.


The new comers’ identity, health state, admission letter and “freshman campus pass” were checked before the students got enrolled and moved in.





Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, President Xu Huibin, Vice President Liu Shuchun, Vice President Huang Haijun, Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Cheng Bo, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee greeted freshmen in person at the two campuses and visited the students’ dorms and canteens.
 


A smart machine called “Xiao Pang”, which can identify the person and call out his or her name when the student scan his or her face upon the device, was used to greet new comers. Besides, a variety of interesting and innovative games and activities were organized, and bespoke T-shirts prepared by different schools were delivered to new arrivals.







At the Shahe campus, Xu Duo, the first receiver of Beihang’s undergraduate admission letter this year, has arrived early to get enrolled. “I’m looking forward to the upcoming four years in Beihang. I hope that I can make contribution to China’s aerospace development in the future through hard-working,” said Xu Duo.

As for the students with financial difficulties, the university has provided “green channel” services for these student, allowing them to postpone paying tuition fees and offering free “caring package” containing bedclothes and living supplies.


A total number of 3,843 students are admitted this year, among which 2,792 are science students, 226 are liberal arts student, 70 are arts students and 755 are students who have taken the reformed university entrance examination. The youngest freshman is only 15 years old.
The whole process of Beihang’s 2020 undergraduate freshmen enrollment was live-streamed on various online platforms such as Weibo, Tiktok, Kuaishou, Bilibili and yangshipin.cn.




 
 
Reported by Yuan Yihang
Photographed by Jin Hui, Zhou Xiaowu, Sun He, Yin Jiangxushan, etc.
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:209
TITLE:Professor Zhang Hui Elected IEEE Fellow 2024
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3649.htm
TEXT:
Professor Zhang Hui Elected IEEE Fellow 2024
                

                    Release time：November 30, 2023 / Zhuo Yuzhu
                


Recently, Zhang Hui from the School of Transportation Science and Engineering of Beihang University has been elected Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) for 2024 in recognition of his outstanding contributions to automotive electronic systems.
IEEE is an international association of electrical technology and information science engineers with more than 420,000 members from more than 160 countries. IEEE Fellow, the highest ranking member of the association, is the highest honor awarded by the organization. The honor is conferred only on eminent scientists with exceptional contributions in the progress or application of engineering science and technology, and bring great value to society. Every year, less than 0.1% of its members worldwide are elected Fellows.

Zhang Hui is a professor and doctoral supervisor in the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, and also a national high-level young talent. He has long been engaged in special vehicle design, vehicle dynamics control and intelligent driving related research work, and presided over a number of projects such as international cooperation projects of the National Key R&D Program and joint key projects of the National Natural Science Foundation Committee. New products such as high-performance multi-axis distributed drive unmanned chassis, amphibious unmanned platform, air-ground collaborative control platform, and intelligent driving assistance system have been developed and applied in many industries. He has published more than 150 SCI journal papers (including more than 80 IEEE journal papers, and won the IEEE Journal Annual Paper Award twice), more than 60 authorized invention patents, and two monographs. He won the first prize of Scientific and Technological Progress Award of the Society of Automotive Engineers of China, the first prize of Scientific and Technological Progress Award of China Communications and Transportation Association, the first prize of Natural Science Award of Jilin Province, the first prize of Invention Award of China Machinery Industry Federation, and the second prize of Beijing Teaching Award. He was honored with IEEE IES Early Career Award, SAE International Teetor Education Award, and Outstanding Youth Award of the Society of Automotive Engineers of China. He serves as Vice Chairman of the IEEE IES Industrial Information Physical Systems Technical Committee, Co-chairman of the Society of Automotive Engineers International (SAE International) Intelligent and Connected Vehicle Technical Committee, and Editorial Board Member or Associate Editor of IEEE TIV, IEEE TIE, MSSP and other famous journals.


Reviewed by: Li Jianwei
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Zhuo Yuzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:210
TITLE:Beihang Sends Over 3,000 Academic Dresses and Care Packages to Class of 2020 Graduates
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2177.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Sends Over 3,000 Academic Dresses and Care Packages to Class of 2020 Graduates
                

                    Release time：June 29, 2020 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 graduation ceremony will take place online on June 29. To give students a memorable graduation ceremony at home, Beihang University has sent 3,681 sets of academic dress to graduates of the class of 2020 and invited them to attend the “cloud” graduation ceremony.

Customized graduation gifts, such as exclusive luggage tags, exquisite bookmarks and customized mugs with school logo, were also delivered to the graduates by post. In those special care packages, there was a even more special kind of gifts: 4,000 hand-made paper-cuts carrying the best wishes from local villagers in Zhongyang County of Lyuliang, a county that Beihang has endeavored to support to help it meet the poverty alleviation target.



A Letter to All Graduates of the Class of 2020 was also included in the care package, in which all graduates received the warmest congratulations from their Alma Mater and were offered the opportunity to return to the university to participate in any future degree conferring ceremony.

“I cannot wait to open the gift as soon as I received the package. I was so moved by the red paper-cut and the gown. Although we have to attend the graduation ceremony online because of the outbreak of COVID-19, my love for the university will never change. I will always be proud of my Alma Mater,” said Xia Shouyue, an undergraduate from the School of Materials Science and Engineering.


Reported by Wang Qing and Di Bailu
Photographed by Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:211
TITLE:GPPS Beijing 2019 Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2269.htm
TEXT:
GPPS Beijing 2019 Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 11, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The Global Power and Propulsion Society (GPPS) Beijing 2019 conference was convened at Beihang University recently, attracting more than 200 experts and scholars from around the world.

The conference was co-sponsored by GPPS, the School of Energy and Power Engineering of Beihang University, the Institute of Engineering Thermophysics of Chinese Academy of Sciences and Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China. Prof. Sun Xiaofeng from the School of Energy and Power Engineering served as the president of the conference.
The three-day conference featured a number of presentations by prestigious experts from academia and industry. Prof. Vigor Yang from Georgia Tech University elaborated on innovative designs for data-driven propulsion systems; Dr. Frank Eulitz from Germany illustrated the development trend of future power system based on the advanced technology of Siemens in the field of gas turbine; Prof. Mehdi Vahdati from Imperial College London and Dr. Atsukuni Waragai of Honda Aero made reports on fan blade aeroelasticity and the development of Honda jet engines respectively; Prof. Ni Mingjiu from the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, combining with his in-depth research in magnetohydrodynamics, made a report on the application of liquid metal magnetohydrodynamics in nuclear fusion.

The GPPS Beijing 2019 conference offered a total of eight invited technical reports, and all conference papers were presented in specific sessions with topics covering Acoustics & Noise, Combustor & Combustions, Axial Compressors, Advanced Cycles & Performance, Turbines, etc.

 

Reported by Pan Tianyu and Sun Dakun
Photographed by Dong Xu and Mu Ze
Reviewed by Yan Xiaojun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:212
TITLE:Beihang Signs Cooperation Agreement with ITESM
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2447.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Cooperation Agreement with ITESM
                

                    Release time：October 22, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, on behalf of Beihang University, Vice President Huang Haijun signed Beihang-ITESM Cooperation Agreement with Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education (ITESM). According to the agreement, the two universities will exchange students based on the principle of free tuition and mutual recognition of credits.


Founded in 1943, ITESM is one of the most recognized universities in Latin America. ITESM now has 26 campuses in 25 cities throughout Mexico, offering undergraduate, master’s and doctorate degrees. It ranks 178th in the 2019 QS World University Rankings, 5th in Latin America, and 2nd in Mexico. The university has many world-class subjects, such as economics and management, computer science, mechanical engineering and art design.
  
Reported by Zhou Mi
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:213
TITLE:25 More Majors of Beihang Selected into First-class Undergraduate Major Construction List
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/2961.htm
TEXT:
25 More Majors of Beihang Selected into First-class Undergraduate Major Construction List
                

                    Release time：March 10, 2021 / Li Xueru
                


Recently, 25 majors of Beihang University were selected into the first-class undergraduate major construction list announced by the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China, 17 of which are at national level and 8 of which are at Beijing municipal level.
Four new majors, including IntelliSense Engineering, Virtual Reality (VR) Technology, Cyberspace Security and Intelligent Aircraft Technology, were also approved successfully. It is noteworthy that Intelligent Aircraft Technology is a new major incorporated into the Catalog of Undergraduate Majors of Ordinary Institutions of High-level Learning.
Up to now, a total of 36 national-level and 8 Beijing municipal-level majors of Beihang University have been selected into the first-class undergraduate major construction list. Giving full play to its exemplary role, Beihang University will further enhance the development of all majors, innovate the talent cultivation model, promote curriculum reform, and improve the education quality by training teachers and strengthening the construction of teaching organizations at the basic level.
In 2019, the Ministry of Education launched the “Double Ten-Thousand Plan” for the construction of first-class undergraduate majors, aiming at comprehensively revitalizing undergraduate education, improving the talent cultivation ability of colleges and universities, and realizing the intensional and sustainable development of higher education. It is planned to build about 10,000 national-level and 10,000 provincial-level first-class undergraduate majors from 2019 to 2021.

Reported by Lian Ruomu
Reviewed by Cao Qinghua
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Li Xueru and Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:214
TITLE:Beihang Teachers and Students Awarded in 31st Han Suyin International Translation Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2239.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teachers and Students Awarded in 31st Han Suyin International Translation Contest
                

                    Release time：December 5, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


The awarding ceremony of the 31st Han Suyin International Translation Contest was convened in Beijing recently. 11 teachers and students of Beihang University won awards at the contest.

In the Chinese to English translation competition, Cheng Yanqin won the second prize, while An Yiran, Dong Muge, Wang Nan and Wang Yuli won the excellence prizes. As for English to Chinese translation, Liu Guoyi received the third prize, and Du Aoran, Lei Chucheng, and Hu Xu received the excellence prizes. Besides, for Russian to Chinese translation, Zhang Yingkun was awarded for the second prize and Wang Yue for the third award. This year, Beihang, with the largest number of award winners, won the best organization award and ranked the first again.
In recent years, the School of Foreign Languages pays great attention to the organization of its members to take part in Han Suyin International Translation Contest. In particular, the school has set up specialized elective courses for masters in translation, taught by experienced teachers combining targeted teaching in class and individual tutoring after class. Hence, the students’ translation skills have been improved greatly and a large number of students have won awards in the contest. The applied and compound professional translation talents cultivated by the School of Foreign Languages of Beihang University have gradually been widely recognized by the Chinese translation industry as well as the society.
Sponsored by Chinese Translators Journal, Han Suyin International Translation Contest has the longest history in Chinese translation circle, being the most influential translation contest in China. With participants from all walks of life, the contest has a high degree of authority and preciseness in China. This year, the contest set up a total of 10 items covering the mutual translation between Chinese and five languages including English, French, Russian, Spanish and Arabic. More than 11,900 effective translations were received and 346 winners were selected after three rounds of strict review and final discussion.


Reported by Gao Xiaoying
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:215
TITLE:Beihang Holds Opening Ceremony for 2023 Fresh Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3593.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Opening Ceremony for 2023 Fresh Students
                

                    Release time：September 4, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


At 8 a. m., September 2, the opening ceremony for 2023 fresh students was held simultaneously through interactive live broadcasting across three campuses: Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus in Beijing, and the international campus in Hangzhou, commencing the new journey of these students at Beihang University.






Among attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun, Zhang Hailan and Huang Haijun, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo, Vice President Lyu Weifeng, and Alumni Representative Shi Xiaorong. The ceremony was hosted by Cheng Bo.



After all the participating students and staff watched the opening video titled “The Firmament”, the ceremony officially kicked off in the solemn national anthem.


At the ceremony, Zhao Changlu presented university badges to freshmen representatives. With pride and responsibility, all 2023 fresh students pinned their badges on their clothes.




Lyu Weifeng read out the prize winners of the 2023 Scholarship for New Graduate Students. The honorary certificates were presented to the winners on stage by university leaders.



Xie Kaizhou, a freshman from Shen Yuan Honors College, delivered a speech as an undergraduate representative. He shared his childhood dream and story of devoting himself to the aerospace industry, expressing his determination and perseverance.

As a representative of the new postgraduates, Wang Zhiting from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering expressed her resolution to realize the value of life in the wave of the time.

Zhou Chuang, a Ph.D student from the School of Astronautics, shared his story at Beihang. He called on all students to firmly believe in the sentiment of the country and to grow into a young talent through innovation and hard work.

Professor Zhang Youguang from the School of Electronic Information Engineering spoke as a representative of teachers. He talked about his 36 years of learning and working experience in Beihang University, and sent a message to all new students to grasp the learning opportunities in a diversified environment, establish a firm and lasting faith in their interest and love, broaden the research horizon in the cross-field, and shoulder the heavy responsibility entrusted by the time.

At the ceremony, the university leaders presented letters of appointment to counselor representatives. As friends and great mentors to students, the counselors will accompany them in the next few years.



Shi Xiaorong, the deputy director of the Seventeenth Institute of the Fourth Academy of China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation addressed a speech as an alumni representative. She was admitted to the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering as an undergraduate student and postgraduate student in 1994 and 1998 respectively, and became a Ph.D student in 2000. She shared her ten years of study at Beihang University and her twenty years of experience and sentiment in the space industry. She told all new students to aim high and be a practitioner of life planning. She also encouraged the students to be ambitious, diligent, innovative, and bravely take the responsibility of establishing the sci-tech self-reliance and self-strengthening at higher levels.

On behalf of all faculty members and students at Beihang, President Wang Yunpeng extended a warm welcome to 11,660 fresh students. He introduced Beihang's history of more than 70 years to the students, noting that since its birth, Beihang consistently stand in solidarity with the country through thick and thin.

President Wang encouraged all the students to remain true to their original aspiration and dedicate themselves to serving the country. Students are expected to actively integrate their personal ideals into the needs of the motherland and the people, transform their patriotism into practical actions, and cultivated their creative spirit, thinking and ability. Moreover, they should shape an inclusive temperament at Beihang University, which is more open, diversified, and energetic. President Wang also noted in his speech that the new generation of Beihang University should strive to become students with great love and virtues in their heart.




"The future belongs to the youth, and the hope is placed on the youth." President Wang hoped the new generation will be brave enough to bear the Beihang mission, inherit the Beihang gene, shape the Beihang temperament, cultivate the Beihang aspiration.




The opening ceremony came to an end with all faculty members and students chorusing the university anthem “Look up at the Starry Sky”.







Reported by Zheng Tingyu and Li Shiyu
Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao, Zhao Jinhao, Zhang Zhibo, Yang Yaru, Huang Tianjia, Zhu Quan, and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:216
TITLE:Beihang University 2018 Undergraduate Students Opening Ceremony
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2478.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University 2018 Undergraduate Students Opening Ceremony
                

                    Release time：September 3, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of August 31st, the Beihang University 2018 Undergraduate Students Opening Ceremony took place at the gymnasium of Shahe campus, Beihang University. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun, Fang Jiancheng, Huang Haijun and Wang Yunpeng, heads from various schools, colleges and divisions, as well as the freshmen’s supervisors, counselors and teacher representatives attended the event. Vice President Huang Haijun presided over the ceremony.


The ceremony officially kicked off with the solemn national anthem of China. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin announced the winners of special scholarships for the freshmen from the class of 2018, and congratulated all the students who won the prizes.




On behalf of all the faculty members and students of Beihang University, President Xu Huibin extended his warm welcome and hearty congratulations to the 3909 freshmen from all around the country. He delivered the keynote speech entitled “Be the Master of Your College Life”, encouraging the students to maintain the inspiring mood, think positively and act quickly, and strive to be the real master of their college life. He noted that what make the university unique and wonderful are not only the exquisite buildings, precise instruments, outstanding teachers and excellent students, but also the free environment for pursuing the dreams, the space for self-exploration and the spirit of self-improvement.
In his speech, President Xu raised three expectations for the freshmen: self-exploration, self-enrichment and self-transcending. He reviewed the brilliant history of the university and inspired the students to inherit Beihanger's courage to face up to the challenge and the spirit of innovation and breakthrough, and to achieve new success with new splendor.


Luo Menglan, one of the new undergraduate students from Shie College, and Liu Zuxin, a student from the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering, spoke on behalf of all the new freshmen and all the undergraduates respectively.
Professor Ma Dianfu, as a teacher representative, addressed the freshmen and expressed his expectation for students’ college life. He hoped that the students can be both ambitious and down-to-earth, striving to become the proud new generation of Beihangers with wholehearted enthusiasm.


The opening ceremony came to a successful close in the melodious melody with all teachers and students chorusing the Beihang Anthem “Looking up at the Starry Sky”.


  
Reported by Song Chao
Photographed by Song Chao, Di Bailu, Yin Jiangxushan, and Ding Beining
Edited by Songchao and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:217
TITLE:Beihang Wins First Runner-up in 8th China International College Students' "Internet+" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3480.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins First Runner-up in 8th China International College Students' "Internet+" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition
                

                    Release time：April 11, 2023 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On April 9, the Championship of the 8th China International College Students' "Internet+" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition concluded at Chongqing University. The project "Micro Nano Robot: Magnetic Control Technology Conquers Precision Medicine" submitted by Beihang University stood out among 3.4 million entries nationwide and won the first runner-up award.


In the competition,“Na Bo Science and Technology Micro-Nano Robot System: A Revolutionary in the Field of Targeted Tumor Treatment” won the gold award in the undergraduate Creativity Category; “Micro Nano Robot: Magnetic Control Technology Conquers Precision Medicine” won the gold award in the undergraduate Emerging Project Category; “Flying Tiger - Medical Intelligent Air Vehicle and Air Ambulance Developer” won the gold award in the undergraduate Rising Project Category. Beihang was also the only university nationwide to win gold awards in all categories for undergraduates. At the same time, “Na Bo Science and Technology Micro-Nano Robot System: A Revolutionary in the Field of Targeted Tumor Treatment”, as an outstanding project in the new field of medicine, was also exhibited at the International College Students' Innovation and Entrepreneurship Achievement Exhibition.


In previous "Internet+" competitions, Beihang won the championship in 2015, the runner-up in the 3rd and 7th competitions in 2017 and 2021 respectively. Up to now, Beihang has entered the finals four times in eight years, winning the championship once and the runner-up three times in total. Last year, Beihang reaped the highest honor “Challenge Cup” in the 17th “Challenge Cup” National College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Contest, marking the third time that the university won “Challenge Cup” (the other two were got in 2009 and 2019 respectively). It also updated its record of being the only university that has won cups for 17 consecutive contests.

The 8th "Internet+" Competition is jointly organized by 12 ministries and commissions in China, including the Ministry of Education, in conjunction with Chongqing Municipal Government, and hosted by Chongqing University. 3.4 million projects and 14.5 million students from 108 countries and regions and 4,554 institutions at home and abroad registered for the competition, with the number of participants exceeding 10 million for the first time.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:218
TITLE:Beihang Signs a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Norinco Group
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3371.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Norinco Group
                

                    Release time：September 19, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On Septemper 16, Beihang University and China North Industries Group Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as Norinco Group) held a strategic cooperation agreement signing ceremony. Among the attendees were Liu Shiquan, Chairman of the Board and Secretary of the Party Leadership Group of Norinco Group, Zhang Hua, Chief Accountant and a member of the Party Leadership Group, Zhi Yulin, Assistant General Manager and a member of the Party Leadership Group, and Beihang Party Committee Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi and Lyu Weifeng, and also Wang Zili, an academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering. The ceremony was hosted by Wang Yunpeng.

In his speech, Zhao Changlu gave an overall introduction to Beihang University from the aspects of its history, discipline layout, talent cultivation and scientific research and innovation, and extended his gratitude for the long-term care and support that Norinco Group has provided for the university. He noted that Beihang University and Norinco Group have a good basis for cooperation and this strategic cooperation is an important measure for the university to match the national strategy, give play to discipline advantages and expand its services. Beihang will precisely meet the development needs of the Group, formulate systematic plans, deepen Industry-University-Research collaboration, and jointly promote equipment and technology innovation.

President Wang Yunpeng extended a warm welcome to the delegation of Norinco Group. He said that this agreement signifies a critical move to spur scientific and technological innovation, explore a new model to improve Industry-University-Research collaboration, achieve high level science and technology self-reliance, and build a first-class company and a world-class university. On the basis of solid cooperation, the two sides will make contribution to national scientific and technological strengths and gain new development with win-win achievements.

Liu Shiquan thanked Beihang for its long-term support. He stated that Beihang has always been aiming at national major strategic needs and has made great achievements in fields including aeronautics and astronautics and information technology, making huge contributions to the country's development. He hoped that the two sides will take this signing as an opportunity to further strengthen cooperation and exchange, jointly tackle with bottleneck problems in key areas, enhance basic frontier research, and actively promote the transfer and transformation of scientific and technological achievements, making more contributions in achieving self-reliance in high-level science and technology.

Assistant General Manager of Norinco Group Zhi Yulin and Vice President of Beihang University Tao Zhi signed the strategic agreement on behalf of the two sides.

Before the signing ceremony, the delegation of Norinco Group visited the Center for Micro-Nano Innovation, the Institute of Unmanned System and the Reliability Engineering Institute at Beihang University.



Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:219
TITLE:Academician Su Donglin Receives Outstanding Teacher Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3481.htm
TEXT:
Academician Su Donglin Receives Outstanding Teacher Award
                

                    Release time：April 12, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


The 4th Award Ceremony for Master Teacher Award, Outstanding Teacher Award, and Innovation and Entrepreneurship Award (three major awards in teaching) was held at Chongqing University on the morning of April 9. Academician Su Donglin of Beihang University was honored with the Outstanding Teacher Award.

The expert selection committee spoke highly of Academician Su. “It is the solid work, not imagination, that brings about sci-tech innovations. Academician Su has spent over thirty years probing into the invisible and untouchable electromagnetic fields with sunburn marks testifying her dedication. She is a ‘detective for electromagnetism’, always showing up on the front line with her team to tackle any challenge. She is a ‘good teacher and helpful friend’, guiding students to explore the ‘magnetic field’ in real life. She is a 'heroine' who breaks through technical difficulties and dares to be the first. As magnetic poles mark the directions of north and south, she forges ahead without caring about gains or loss.”

Su Donglin, member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, has been teaching undergraduates Electromagnetic Theory for more than 30 years. By integrating the Beihang spirit of "Serving the Country in the fields of Aeronautics and Astronautics" into the "Three-All Education", she condensed a unique “electromagnetic" spirit. She cultivated innovative talents to solve the "bottleneck" problems in the electromagnetic field, and encouraged them to write their papers on the front line of scientific research. Her team was honored with the title of Huang Danian-Style Teaching Team. Su was also the founder of the only electromagnetic compatibility and electromagnetic environment discipline in China and the national key laboratory of electromagnetic compatibility and protection, which helped achieve breakthroughs in multiple "bottleneck" key technologies.
Supported by the Ministry of Education, the three major awards in teaching were established by Chinese Foundation for Teacher Development and Chen Yidan Foundation in 2019. The awards are honored annually, with the prize money being the highest in the field of higher education. The Outstanding Teacher Award is designed to commend influential university teachers who contribute greatly to the training of capable people, develop in their students the capabilities and skills most needed in China's strategic plans, achieve global influence in teaching, and always dedicate themselves in the front line of teaching. Academician Wang Huaming of Beihang University received the Outstanding Teacher Award in 2020.
This year there was one winner of the Master Teacher Award, nine winners of the Outstanding Teacher Award, and ten winners of the Innovation and Entrepreneurship Award. Gu Mingyuan from Beijing Normal University won the Master Teacher Award. Wang Jianliu from Peking University, Yu Xinjie from Tsinghua University, Su Donglin from Beihang University, Shen Jianzhong from China Agricultural University, Huang Zongxian from Sichuan University, Zhang Jie from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Sun Shigang from Xiamen University, Li Baizhan from Chongqing University and Zhou Youhe from Lanzhou University nabbed the Outstanding Teacher Award. Ten "young makers" were awarded the Innovation and Entrepreneurship Award. Lyu Weifeng, vice president of Beihang University, attended the award ceremony.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:220
TITLE:President of INSA Lyon Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3513.htm
TEXT:
President of INSA Lyon Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：May 15, 2023 / Wen Li
                


On the afternoon of May 8, Frédéric Fotiadu, President of Institut National des Sciences Appliquées de Lyon (INSA Lyon), and Damien Fabrègue, Vice President of INSA Lyon, visited Beihang University. Beihang President Wang Yunpeng, Vice Presidents Huang Haijun and Lyu Weifeng, Assistant President and Executive Vice President of Graduate School Zhao Weisheng, and other officials and representatives from related departments, met the guests at Ruxin Lecture Hall.

Wang Yunpeng expressed his welcome to the guests. He noted that Beihang has a history of cooperation with INSA Group for nearly 20 years. INSA Lyon, as one of the oldest and largest institutes in INSA Group, is a top engineer-training school in France, and there are broad prospects for cooperation between the two sides. He also mentioned that the recent agreement between the leaders of China and France on education cooperation provides new opportunities for Sino-French cooperation in education. In this context, Beihang is willing to expand university-level cooperation with INSA Lyon in all respects, jointly promote educational and cultural exchanges, and provide wisdom and solutions for the reform of engineer training worldwide.

Frédéric Fotiadu briefly introduced the history of INSA Lyon and its academic achievements. He said that the two universities have many similarities in terms of educational philosophy, academic strengths, and development plans, and expressed his admiration for Beihang’s achievements in international cooperation. He also expressed INSA Lyon's willingness to explore new engineer-training models with Beihang University and contribute to innovative engineering education.

During the visit, the two sides held a seminar to discuss a series of topics including expanding high-level international scientific and educational cooperation projects, conducting student exchange and joint training of dual degrees, and promoting academic exchange and cooperation among teachers, reaching a high level of consensus.

On the evening of May 8, a friendly ping-pong match was played as part of a sporting and cultural exchange event. The event was also attended by Guo Yan, a teacher of Beihang University and a ping-pong World Cup champion, and Wu Yang, a professional ping-pong player and world champion. Both sides exchanged their skills, and the atmosphere was warm and joyful.

During their stay, the delegation of INSA Lyon also visited the Center for Micro-Nano Innovation, the National Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems, and the Sino-French Engineer School at Beihang University.

The Institut National des Sciences Appliquées (INSA) is a leading French group of engineering institutes with several campuses. It belongs to the French elite education university system and is a higher education institution specialized in training elite engineers in France. The INSA group includes 7 INSAs in France, located in Lyon, Toulouse, Strasbourg, Rouen, Rennes, Loire Valley, and Hauts-de-France. INSA Lyon, founded in 1957, is the oldest and largest engineering school in the INSA group. It currently has more than 6,200 students and over 1,400 faculty members, and a total of 42,000 graduates.

Reported by Fan Hang
Photographed by Di Bailu, Liang Siran, Du Jingjing, and Mi Xingyu
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:221
TITLE:President of University of Hanover Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2437.htm
TEXT:
President of University of Hanover Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：November 2, 2018 / Li Siying
                


On the afternoon of October 30, a delegation headed by Prof. Volker Epping, President of the University of Hanover visited Beihang University. Vice President Wang Yunpeng met the visitors in the Fifth Conference Room of the Convention Center of the New Main Building. Related Staff from the International Division, School of Energy and Power Engineering, and School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering attended the meeting.


In the first place, Vice President Wang extended his welcome to the delegation, and briefly reviewed the fruits of the university-level cooperation between the two universities.
Prof. Epping expressed his thanks for the warm reception of Beihang University, and introduced the achievements the University of Hanover has made in the field of education and scientific research in recent years.
Li Deyu, Director of the International Division, introduced the overall situation of Beihang in terms of talents cultivation, scientific research and global cooperation.
Both sides exchanged views and reached consensus on bilateral cooperation in such advantageous subjects as aeronautics, engineering, electronics, material, biological science and medical engineering. Agreements were also reached concerning student exchange programs and joint scientific research.
After the meeting, the delegation visited the related laboratories of School of Energy and Power Engineering and School of Electronic Information Engineering of Beihang University.


Founded in 1831, the University of Hanover is located in Hanover, capital of Lower Saxony, Germany. It is a member of the TU9, an association of leading Institutes of Technology in Germany. In the present school year, there are 28,742 students as well as 3,200 teachers and researchers on campus. The advantageous subjects of the University of Hanover include mechanical engineering, quantum physics, optics, as well as biological science and medical engineering. It is also a member of T.I.M.E. together with Beihang University.
  
Reported by Gao Yuan
Photographed by Cui Chaoyang
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by LiSiying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:222
TITLE:First Council Meeting of Research Institute of Aero-Engine and International School of Aero-Engine Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2181.htm
TEXT:
First Council Meeting of Research Institute of Aero-Engine and International School of Aero-Engine Held
                

                    Release time：June 19, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


The first council meeting of Beihang-AECC Research Institute of Aero-Engine and International School of Aero-Engine (hereinafter referred to as “the institute and the school”) took place at the Shahe Campus of Beihang University on the afternoon of June 12.
The attendees included 13 council members from Beihang, Aero Engine Corporation of China (AECC), the Institute of Engineering Thermophysics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, etc. Experts in the fields of structural strength and reliability and advanced materials were also present. The council members and experts had a heated discussion about the development of the institute and the school, offering their guidance and advice.
The meeting was chaired by Academician Xu Huibin, President of Beihang and the council. It began with the review and approval of staff change, council charter and relevant regulations. Later on, reports on the 2020 work focuses and the first employees were delivered to the council. President Xu and Li Fangyong, the other President of the council from AECC, presented the appointment letters to the CPIs recruited by the institute and the school.

In his summary of the meeting, President Li recognized the achievements made by the institute and the school in the past year and expected them to improve university-enterprise collaborative innovation capability and cultivate more high-caliber talents in the field of aero-engine.

President Xu considered the institute and the school as goal-oriented and well-organized platforms for scientific research, technical breakthrough and talent cultivation and expressed Beihang’s commitment to fully supporting their development.

This meeting signified that things went smoothly and normatively for the institute and the school, serving as a key step towards a faster tempo of work.




Reported by Jia Ruzhen
Reviewed by Wang Wenwen
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:223
TITLE:Cordial Dialogue Between President Wang Yunpeng and Senior PhD Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3408.htm
TEXT:
Cordial Dialogue Between President Wang Yunpeng and Senior PhD Students
                

                    Release time：November 30, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


On the morning of November 23, the series of “Cordial Dialogue Between President and Students” was held at Wings Cafe, Xueyuan Road Campus. Academician Wang Yunpeng, President of Beihang University, exchanged views with senior PhD students from 11 schools and talked about their study life and growth planning during the postgraduate period. Deputy secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University Cheng Bo, and representatives of the Graduate School, Department of Student Affairs and other departments also attended the seminar.

At the seminar, Wang Yunpeng learned about each student's academic plan and project progress in detail, and kindly inquired about their communication with tutors and counselors. Besides, students put forward opinions and suggestions on the construction of Beihang's research and experiment platform and the supply of employment resources.

President Wang Yunpeng gave targeted guidance to help eliminate the very confusion of the students. He pointed out that the intention of the seminar was to know students’ real problems, to understand their needs and expectations in detail, and to provide a solid guarantee for their growth. Wang Yunpeng said that students should think about their future and make a detailed plan with personal focus in advance. Meanwhile, he expected them to adhere to their interest, stimulate their innovation potential, and coordinate the time allocation between research and dissertation. Beihang University would continue to make further efforts in the training of postgraduates, to strengthen the foundation and build up the beams, to pool resources, to strengthen care and concern, to train each student well, to support them, to run a good first-class education and to cultivate first-class talents.
“Cordial Dialogue Between President and Students” is held regularly every semester with a specific theme, and student representatives are invited to have in-depth exchanges with the President, so that the university and the students can jointly improve the quality of talent training and management service of Beihang University.


Reported by Tang Pengfei and Hu Tianhao
Photographed by Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:224
TITLE:Exhibition of Art Works by University Staff Held to Celebrate 66th Birthday of Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2452.htm
TEXT:
Exhibition of Art Works by University Staff Held to Celebrate 66th Birthday of Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 15, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


With the 66th birthday of Beihang University approaching, the Labor Union of the university hosted an exhibition of over 130 art works created by Beihang staff at Beihang Art Gallery.




The opening ceremony
The exhibition was opened on the morning of October 10 and attended by more than 100 representatives from Beijing Labor Union for Education as well as schools and administrations of Beihang University.
At the opening ceremony, speeches were delivered by He Xinzhou, Secretary of the Party Committee for Discipline Inspection, and Zhang Jin, Chairman of Beijing Labor Union for Education. Comparing art and science to the two wings of a bird, Mr. He hoped that Beihang staff members could regard the exhibition as an opportunity to nurture themselves with art and warm education with love. Mr. Zhang recognized the quality of the exhibition and the efforts made by the Labor Union of Beihang University to benefit its members, encouraging Beihang staff to pursue excellence in their work and happiness in their life.


Mr. He and Mr. Zhang speaking at the opening ceremony
Entitled Persistence and Beauty, this exhibition is aimed at recognizing Beihang staff’s persistent pursuit of the cutting-edge science and technology and effort to impart knowledge. It is also a platform to show their capability and perseverance to understand, pursue and create beauty. 
The works on display were all created by front-line teachers and managerial and service staff members, who are students of the Boya Amateur Class for Staff. Making use of the 2-hour lunch break, the class offered a variety of courses covering tea art, flower arrangement, calligraphy, color, sketching, painting in oils and color pencils, traditional Chinese painting, photography, vocal music, Beijing opera, yoga, table tennis, swimming, dancing, cocktail, etc. Over 2,800 classes have been given, and the students think highly of the program.
“We have taken part in a series of activities, such as an introduction to the tea culture, in which I was fascinated by the charm of the excellent traditional Chinese culture. I also created an oil painting to express my love for Beihang University and celebrate its 66th birthday,” said Li Xiaoguang, Associate Professor of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences.
















Beihang staff at the exhibition
The exhibition will be open for free to university staff and students as well as the public from October 10 to 28.
  
Reported by Zhang Fang
Photographed by Di Bailu
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:225
TITLE:Delegation Led by KDDI Corporation CEO Koji Tanaka Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2497.htm
TEXT:
Delegation Led by KDDI Corporation CEO Koji Tanaka Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：July 20, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of July 18, a delegation led by Koji Tanaka, the CEO of KDDI Corporation, visited Beihang University. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin and Vice President Huang Haijun met the guests at the International Conference Center of New Main Building, accompanied by representatives from International Division, Institute of Science and Technology, the School of Electronic and Information Engineering and the School of Computer Science and Engineering.


Cao Shumin extended her warm welcome to the delegation. She noted that as one of the top research universities in China, Beihang University devoted great effort to promoting its educational pattern and had formed two superior disciplines: aerospace and information technology. She also expected to carry out basic and cutting-edge research in the field of communication technology and establish the cooperation mechanism for talent training with KDDI Corporation in the future.


Koji Tanaka expressed his willing to conduct in-depth cooperation with Beihang in emerging areas such as smart cities and smart transportation, under the development of the 5th-Generation Mobile Networks.


Following him, Huang Haijun gave an overall introduction to the current development of Beihang in the fields of education, scientific research and international exchanges, and also put forward suggestions on the cooperation between the two sides.
During the visit, the delegation also toured the State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems and Beijing Air and Space Museum at Beihang University.


Founded in 1984 and headquartered in Tokyo, KDDI Corporation is one of the three largest integrated telecom service operators in Japan. The corporation has been listed in Fortune 500 companies for many years. In addition to the traditional mobile communication business, KDDI, to meet the demands of the new era, focuses on the integration of communication and intelligent life as future development and continuously expands domestic and international markets. KDDI also actively explores new business areas such as energy supply systems.
  
Written by Wang Yiqing
Photographed by Song Chao
Edited by Sun Yecheng
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:226
TITLE:CHINA DAILY: Tiangong science lecture aired for students worldwide
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3600.htm
TEXT:
CHINA DAILY: Tiangong science lecture aired for students worldwide
                

                    Release time：September 22, 2023 / Source: CHINA DAILY
                


BEIJING, September 22 (CHINA DAILY):

College and school students at Beihang University in Beijing watch Shenzhou XVI crew members conduct a science experiment on Thursday inside Tiangong space station. Kuang Linhua / China Daily
The Shenzhou XVI crew members gave their first science lecture on Thursday afternoon from the orbiting Tiangong space station to students around the globe.
In the first part of the 48-minute lecture, livestreamed worldwide by China Media Group, mission commander Major General Jing Haipeng, spaceflight engineer Colonel Zhu Yangzhu and the mission's science payload specialist Professor Gui Haichao greeted the students and showed them the living and work quarters as well as the cutting-edge scientific apparatus inside the Mengtian science module. They also shared their experiences in space.
The crew then conducted several experiments to show physical phenomena in the unique environment inside the space station.
In one experiment, Zhu and Gui used ping-pong paddles and water balls to display the effect of liquid surface tension in orbit. In another experiment, the two astronauts lit a candle to show how a flame takes shape in a microgravity environment.
The astronauts invited students to conduct similar experiments on the ground to observe the differences between those undertaken in space and those on Earth.
They also answered questions from the students on topics including space debris, the impact of weightlessness on astronauts and scientific payloads onboard the massive orbital outpost.
Tens of millions of students across China watched the televised event hosted by the China Manned Space Agency, the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Science and Technology and other government departments.
Thousands of invited students in Beijing, the Inner Mongolia autonomous region, and Zhejiang, Anhui and Shaanxi provinces took part in the lecture at "ground class venues".
The main ground venue was a gymnasium inside Beihang University in Beijing, formerly called Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
Gui taught spacecraft systems at the university's School of Astronautics before he was picked by the Astronaut Center of China for the Shenzhou XVI flight.
More than 2,400 students and teachers from the university and primary and middle schools attended the "ground class" at the gymnasium venue.
"I felt very privileged to be able to hear and watch the lecture given from space, which showed our nation's power in science and technology. I was most intrigued by the candle experiment," said Li Baixuan, a student from the Beihang Experimental Primary School. "The astronauts showed us what science and technology can achieve. I wish to fly to space someday."
Zhao Ziyi, a Beihang University student majoring in aerospace dynamics, said she was thrilled to know more about the science equipment inside the Mengtian module.
Zhao said the experiments conducted by the astronauts increased her enthusiasm and strengthened her resolve about space exploration. "As a student of aerospace dynamics, I regard our astronauts as my role models, and I will strive to use my knowledge to serve our motherland," she added.
The activity marked the fourth lecture of the Tiangong class series, China's first extraterrestrial lecture series that aims to popularize space science. It was also the first time the Shenzhou XVI crew members gave a lecture from space.
The astronauts arrived at the space station on May 30 to take over the orbital outpost from their Shenzhou XV peers who had stayed there for six months.
The journey of the Shenzhou XVI crew is the maiden flight of China's third generation of astronauts, which includes Zhu and Gui. It is also the first time a Chinese civilian has traveled to space, with Gui the nation's first nonmilitary astronaut.
As of Thursday afternoon, mission commander Jing's team had worked 114 days in orbit. The astronauts are in good condition. They are scheduled to live inside the space station for around five months and return to Earth in November, according to the China Manned Space Agency.
So far, Chinese astronauts have conducted five space-based science lectures for students. China's first such lecture was delivered in June 2013 during the Shenzhou X mission.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:227
TITLE:Beihang Professor Li Hongyi Awarded Capital Labor Medal 2021
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3070.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor Li Hongyi Awarded Capital Labor Medal 2021
                

                    Release time：May 8, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


Recently, Beihang professor Li Hongyi from the School of Mathematical Sciences was honored with the honorary title of Capital Labor Medal by Beijing Municipal Federation of Trade Unions and the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Human Resources and Social Security.

As a professor and PhD supervisor, Li Hongyi has been working diligently on the front line and devoted to the development of education during her 38-year teaching career. She is actively engaged in education reform and keeps updating her teaching philosophy. Her innovative teaching model is popular among the students and she was elected as the "five-star teacher". She won the Beihang Distinction Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation in 2019.

Professor Li was assiduous in developing the international massive open online courses, Linear Algebra, in response to the call of the Ministry of Education to fight against COVID-19. The course ranked first in the number of subscribers among 11 courses of mathematics and more than 300 courses on the international platform and got a full five-star praise, contributing to the information development of education in Beijing. Donating books to the undergraduates, giving voluntary lectures and helping the impoverished students, she always put students’ interests first and care about them without pursuing fame or self-interests.

Volunteered to provide science and technology classes for undergraduates for more than 10 years, Li has helped many students to continue their studies at leading universities at home and abroad after graduation. She is a role model in moral achievement and talent cultivation and has been granted many honorary titles. As a pioneer in the studies of mathematical representation theory of electromagnetic interference signal, she has published more than 80 research papers, 3 national planning textbooks and has presided over 10 projects.


Reported by Zhang Fang
Reviewed by Cheng Wenhao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:228
TITLE:5th Anniversary Celebration of Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education in the Asia-Pacific Region (China) Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2234.htm
TEXT:
5th Anniversary Celebration of Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education in the Asia-Pacific Region (China) Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：December 12, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


On December 9, 2019, the Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education in the Asia-Pacific Region (RCSSTEAP-China) affiliated to the United Nations celebrated its fifth anniversary and held the fourth meeting of the governing board at Beihang University. Among attendees were Zhang Kejian, Director of the China National Space Administration (CNSA), Wu Yanhua, Deputy Director of CNSA, Luc St-Pierre, a senior program officer for the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs (UNOOSA), Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University and Director of the center’s advisory board, Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, foreign envoys in China, and representatives from member states, UNOOSA as well as other international organizations.

The meeting
The meeting was presided over by Zhang Kejian, head of CNSA, who was also elected as chairman of the center’s governing board. During the meeting, the board reviewed reports both on the advisory board’s work and on the center’s work from 2018 to 2019, and approved the center’s work plan from 2020 to 2021. In addition, the board agreed to cultivate overseas students based on Beihang’s advantage in space science and environment, a newly-added major of the School of Space and Environment of Beihang University. Participants of the meeting shared their opinions on issues like strengthening staff management and institutional improvement, achieving sustainable development and organizing education and training programs. Besides, extensive discussions on how to provide better services for member states and other developing countries, how to improve its capability and infrastructure facilities and how to expand its global influence were also underway in the meeting.

Zhang Kejian, head of CNSA, chaired the meeting
At the meeting, Wu Yanhua, Deputy Director of CNSA delivered a speech on behalf of the host country. He said that China, as the sponsor and host country of the center, will collaborate with other member states and international communities to promote economic and social development of the Asia-Pacific region and contribute its wisdom and power. China and other member states as well as international communities will remain committed to the common goal, namely “to promote sustainable development in space science and technology education”, adhere to the “win-win” development principle in international space cooperation, stay true to the original mission and continue to go along the “path” to integrate technology with education by developing space projects.

Wu Yanhua, Deputy Director of CNSA, delivered a speech
Luc St-Pierre, a senior program officer of UNOOSA, commended the contribution of the regional center to the peaceful use of outer space for the benefit of mankind and the development of space science and technology education in the Asia-Pacific region.

Luc St-Pierre, a senior program officer of UNOOSA, delivered a speech
Beihang President Xu Huibin said that the university is committed to building the regional center into a globally recognized educational institution and a key platform for global space science and technology exchange and cooperation. Relentless efforts will also be made to serve development needs of all countries for exploring and using outer space, and to enhance abilities of the center’s member states and other developing countries in space science and technology education and space technology applications.

Beihang President Xu Huibin delivered a speech
With the proposal of “delivering benefits to mankind through peaceful use of space technology”, the meeting centered on the vision to promote sustainable development in space science and technology education and engaged in in-depth discussions on boosting the Asia-Pacific economic and social development through space cooperation and talent cultivation. After the meeting, the center’s fifth anniversary celebration was held to review its five years’ remarkable achievements in education, cooperation and personnel training.

The group photo of participants
The center, established in 2014 and based at Beihang University, is the first institution among Chinese universities affiliated to the United Nations and also the first inter-governmental regional institution of space science and technology education in the Asia-Pacific region. Its aim is to benefit all human beings through the peaceful use of space technology. The center will take advantage of global outstanding education resources, innovate the way to cultivate talents and build itself into a world-class space science and technology education institution, which will not only enhance all members and other developing countries’ capabilities of space technology education and applications, but also facilitate sustainable economic and social development in the region.
Over the past five years, Beihang has remained committed to the development of global space education based on its own advantage in terms of disciplines and faculty. Since its inception five years ago, the center has always adhered to its development philosophy of “openness, innovation and inclusiveness”, and cultivated a total of 237 master and doctoral students for 24 developing countries in fields of remote sensing and geographical information system, satellite communication, the global navigation satellite system, small satellite technology and space law and policy. The center has also organized over 20 short-term training courses, training nearly 1,000 talents from 64 countries. Besides nine member states, it now has established partnership with over 30 international organizations, space institutions as well as companies. It has proposed and led several international cooperation projects, such as constructing a multi-task small satellite constellation and engaging college students in small satellite research, providing an important carrier for the Asia-Pacific space technology cooperation.
 
 
Reported by Yang Shengquan
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:229
TITLE:Magnificence of Earthworks: Great Wall-Themed Photo Exhibition by Lou Shili Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2161.htm
TEXT:
Magnificence of Earthworks: Great Wall-Themed Photo Exhibition by Lou Shili Held
                

                    Release time：September 7, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On September 1st, Beihang Art Gallery put on an exhibition named “Magnificence of Earthworks: Great Wall-Themed Photo Exhibitions by Lou Shili”. The exhibition was once staged at Beijing Lama Temple One Center during July and August, 2020.


Lou Shili, born on May, 1941, was the Secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman of China National Guizhou Aviation Industry (Group) Co., Ltd. He also served as the Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University. After retirement, he was dedicated to photography on themes of the Great Wall, flowers and ethnic culture.

The exhibition displays nearly 80 photographic works of Lou, comprehensively embodying his devotion and enthusiasm for photography during a decade of his retirement life, in which he covered hundreds of thousands of kilometers to grasp splendid views of the Great Wall.




The exhibition will be open to all students and staff in an orderly manner in accordance with the requirements of epidemic prevention and control until October 8th.

A glimpse of Lou’s works:


Jiankou Great Wall after snow

Weicheng, Yulin

Wonders of Xidaqiang after snow

Simatai Great Wall bathed by the glow of the setting sun

Yumen Pass

A lofty “guardian”

Xishuiyu Great Wall

A spectacular view of Zhengbei Building

“Five Eyes Building” in the sunset

A pine tree at Beijing Knot

The Great Wall in the shape of Chinese character “Ji”

The Great Wall in autumn

The Fairy Building

Hanshazhou City

Rainbow dancing in the sky


Reported by Li Shuai
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:230
TITLE:Team of Large Aircraft C919 Lectures on Its Endeavour
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2370.htm
TEXT:
Team of Large Aircraft C919 Lectures on Its Endeavour
                

                    Release time：March 22, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


On March 13, Zhu Lingang, Deputy Director of Structural Strength Engineering Technology Bureau of Shanghai Aircraft Design and Research Institute of COMAC (Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd.) and Senior Project Manager of C919 team, led his team to give a fascinating lecture at the conference hall of New Main Building. Among attendees were Dang Shuai, Minister ofthe Department of Party Affairs of Shanghai Aircraft Design and Research Institute of COMAC, Lu Haiping, Director of Education Training Center, Liu Jimei, Colonel Reporter of PLA (People's Liberation Army) Bureau of Xinhua News Agency, and related leaders from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering.

Zhu Lingang delivered a report titled “Embrace Failure and Never Give Up.” He started with the experience of a great failure, and told the story of how he and the whole team had learned from their failures and finally succeeded with firm faith and perseverance. On December 1, 2009, when they were carrying out the limit load experiment, the keel beam was damaged because of a small mistake. At that time, they were all under great pressure. Fortunately, they went through all the difficulties to increase the load capacity of the keel beam and solve various problems related to ARJ21 static strength test. “I am grateful for this failure. Failure is not terrible if you can face it,” he said.

Zhao Junfeng, Second-level Engineering Manager of C919 Team, shared his experience in the structural tests of ARJ21 and C919. He analyzed the reasons for the failure of the limit load test and the tension field of aircraft skin from a more detailed perspective. “Interest is the best teacher and motivation. If you are interested in your major, just stick to it, and you will gain a lot.”

Peng Guohui and Cong Hao, Members of COMAC, are also graduates of Beihang. They shared their feelings and experiences, and encouraged the students to join the COMAC to improve themselves.

In the panel discussion session, the distinguished guests gave professional answers to the students’ questions patiently, gaining enthusiastic applause from the audience.


After the lecture, Prof. Lin Guiping, Secretary of the Party Committee of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, awarded Zhu Lingang’steam with the certificate of honor for delivering a lecture as part of the Beihang Lecture Program.

In this lecture, IPT Team of Shanghai Aircraft Design and Research Institute of COMAC gave a vivid lesson of structural strength and politics to students and taught the students the wisdom of facing failure. It is believed that more Beihangers will join COMAC in the future and devote their youth and enthusiasm to the development of large domestic aircraft.
 
Reported by Hu Tianhao
Reviewed by Liang Yinghua
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:231
TITLE:University of Surrey Pro Vice-Chancellor Vincent Emery Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2493.htm
TEXT:
University of Surrey Pro Vice-Chancellor Vincent Emery Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：July 30, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


A delegation led by Professor Vincent Emery, Pro Vice-Chancellor (International Relations) of the University of Surrey, visited Beihang University on the afternoon of July 24th. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun met the guests at the International Conference Center of New Main Building, accompanied by leaders from the International Division, the School of Astronautics and the School of Instrumentation Sciences and Opto-electronics Engineering.


Vice President Huang extended his warm welcome to the delegation and briefly reviewed the existing cooperation results that have achieved between the two sides. Pro Vice-Chancellor Emery expressed his gratitude for Beihang’s friendly reception and elaborated on the general information of the University of Surrey and The University Global Partnership Network (UGPN). He noted that the University attaches great importance to its cooperation with Beihang. He also expressed his willing to invite Beihang to join UGPN alliance and further promote bilateral and multilateral cooperation among UGPN members. Following him, Paul Smith, Executive Dean of the Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences at the University of Surrey, gave an overall introduction to the Faculty as well as its main research fields. The two sides had in-depth exchanges and finally reached consensus on carrying out further cooperation on education and scientific research in the field of engineering.


Following the meeting, the delegation paid a visit to related laboratories of the School of Instrumentation Sciences and Opto-electronics Engineering.
Founded in 1891, the University of Surrey is a prestigious research university in Britain. It consists of three faculties: Faculty of Arts and Human Sciences, Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences and Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences. It currently has 1,553 teachers and 16,065 students, and its top majors include electronics, computer technology, biological science, materials, economics and management. The University ranks 264th in the QS World University Rankings 2018.
  
Reported by Gao Yuan
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:232
TITLE:Beihang Team Triumphs in CUFA Quarter-Finals First-Leg
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2345.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Triumphs in CUFA Quarter-Finals First-Leg
                

                    Release time：April 28, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the afternoon of April 27, the first leg of 2018-2019 Adidas China University Football Association (CUFA) Quarter-Finals was held, in which Beihang team host the USST (University of Shanghai for Science and Technology) team at the Beihang stadium. After 90-minute intense competition, Beihang beat USST by the main draw score 2-2, the penalty shootout score 5-4 and the overall score 7-6.

The match kicked off in a drizzle with the very first kick of Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University. In the first half, Beihang players were eager to get off to a good start, but they ended up with wasting several scoring chances even though they got multiple corners and set-pieces. In the 12th minute, Wang Jilong, No. 13 player of the USST Team, broke the ice and scored a goal. Following that, another USST player Ji Guoliang grabbed a set-piece opportunity and scored another goal. Beihang team temporarily slipped to a 2-0 deficit.





In the second half, Beihang players gradually got their fitness as the game went on and took control of the game in the cheers of thousands of their fans. Tao Xinyu, No. 21 player of the Beihang Team, scored two goals in the 47th and 71th minutes respectively. Beihang team fought back from a 2-0 down to earn a draw with the USST, so a shootout is needed to decide the winner.



The penalty shootout is a test of players' skill and willpower. Beihang's players responded calmly and won USST at 5-4 on penalties.



After a tough fight in the rain and the penalty shootout, Beihang's players finally achieved a reversal, successfully defended the home and won the game by a total score of 7-6.

 
Reported by Wang Ting and Zhang Boyu
Photographed by Tian Wenhao, Zhang zhanyu and Zhang Zhiwei
Reviewed by Yu Min
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:233
TITLE:Dr. Wang Yuliang Makes Progress in Producing Plasmonic Bubbles with Laser
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2496.htm
TEXT:
Dr. Wang Yuliang Makes Progress in Producing Plasmonic Bubbles with Laser
                

                    Release time：July 23, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, a research titled “Giant and explosive plasmonic bubbles by delayed nucleation” was published online in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (PNAS). It was a joint effort of Dr. Wang Yuliang, an associate professor of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation at Beihang University, Dr. Detlef Lohse, a professor of the University of Twente and a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences, along with other researchers.
Illuminated by a laser, nanoparticles of noble metals (e.g., gold, silver and platinum) can generate a plasmonic effect, quickly converting light energy to thermal energy. In a liquid environment, the converted thermal energy can vaporize the water rapidly and produce micron-sized bubbles, which are called plasmonic bubbles. Being a research focus in the micro-nano field, these bubbles have great potential for applications in sunlight harvesting (Fig. 1A), cell therapy (Fig. 1B), enhanced medical imaging (Fig. 1C), micromanipulation (Fig. 1D) and so on.

Fig. 1 Applications of plasmonic bubbles in several fields
With the help of advanced micro-nano measurement technology, Dr. Wang has been researching on disease diagnosis at a cellular level and cell therapy based on plasmonic effect, and his team cooperates with Dr. Detlef Lohse, a celebrated expert in fluid mechanics, to study the growth mechanism of plasmonic bubbles.
Researches into plasmonic bubbles illuminated by a continuous laser have been conducted on the long-term (milliseconds to seconds) timescale, but Dr. Wang and his collaborators turned their attention to a shorter one. In their previous researches (published in ACS Nano), they revealed the dynamic growth mechanism of plasmonic bubbles. Combining this finding with the principle of plasmonic effect and the heat conduction characteristic of the material, the team speculated that more violent dynamics of plasmonic bubbles would be displayed at a shorter timescale.
To support the speculation, the team used the Brandaris 128 ultrafast imaging system featuring a frame rate of up to 25 Mfps and nanosecond resolution, and they became the first to observe the large plasmonic bubble (Fig. 2) quickly generated on an immersed gold nanoparticle (GNP)-decorated surface a short while after laser irradiation. Named the initial giant bubble, the bubble differs from the plasmonic bubbles that are normally observed in the millisecond time scale in terms of appearance and dynamics. It grows at 2,000 times the speed of the bubbles previously observed, and collapses in about tens of microseconds. The team further established a model based on thermal diffusion and liquid spinodal decomposition, revealing the growth mechanism of the initial giant bubble.

Fig. 2 Growth and collapse of an initial giant bubble
The research also illustrates the whole evolution process of plasmonic bubbles under continuous laser irradiation at the nanosecond to second timescales (Fig. 3). The super dynamic characteristic of the initial giant bubble found in this research lays the groundwork for the control and application of plasmonic bubbles.

Fig. 3 Four phases of the evolution of the plasmonic bubbles on the surface of the material under laser irradiation
The paper is available at http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2018/07/06/1805912115
 
Reported by Wen Lifang
Edited by Sun Yecheng
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:234
TITLE:Beihang Student Claims First Prize in 2022 Beijing Non-English Major Graduate Students English Speech Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3405.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Student Claims First Prize in 2022 Beijing Non-English Major Graduate Students English Speech Contest
                

                    Release time：November 24, 2022 / Lu Meili
                


On the morning of November 19, the final of the 2022 Beijing Non-English Major Graduate Students English Speech Contest hosted by Peking University came to an end. After several rounds of rivalry, Zhou Tianbao from the School of Economics and Management won the first prize in the final; Liu Naiyuan from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Xie Wei from the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, Liang Haohan from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Cui Yixin from the School of Humanities and Social Sciences and Gao Xinyu from the School of Materials Science and Engineering won the third prize.

Zhou Tianbao, first-prize winner
Organised by the Beijing Association of Higher Education, the Beijing Non-English Major Graduate Students English Speech Contest consists of three rounds, namely the preliminary campus trials in each university, the sub-regional semi-final round, and the Beijing grand final round. The theme of this year's competition is "Self-Reliance and Globalization". In response to epidemic prevention and control requirements, the final was held online.
Graduate School and the School of Foreign Languages attached great importance to the contest and paid strongly support and close attention to it. In order to select high-calibre contestants, the Postgraduate Public Foreign Language Education Department of the School of Foreign Languages held the Beihang Postgraduate English Speech Contest and Campus Trial for Beijing Non-English Major Graduate Students English Speech Contest, in which six contestants stood out and advanced to the semi-final.
During the preparation for the Beijing semi and the final, Liu Weiwei, Yang Li, Zhang Yu and other instructors from the Postgraduate Public Foreign Language Education Department of the School of Foreign Languages gave the contestants systematic and in-depth guidance on speech writing, questions and answers, speaking skills and pre-competition simulations, which helped to improve their English speaking and critical thinking, enabling them to achieve good results later in the contest.

Some of the winners and judges in the campus trial

Some of the Beijing semi contestants and their instructors
Nearly 100 outstanding contestants from more than 30 universities and colleges in Beijing participated in the semi-final, and 18 contestants advanced to the Beijing grand final.
The excellent performance of Beihang students in the competition fully demonstrates the high morale, outstanding English speaking ability, and the strong sense of social responsibility of the postgraduate students, reflecting the teaching philosophy and fruitful results of the Postgraduate Public Foreign Language Education Department of the School of Foreign Languages in integrating elements of ideology and politics education into language teaching.


Reported by Hao Feifei
Reviewed by Liang Maocheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:235
TITLE:Academician Yuan Yaxiang Invited to Deliver Lecture for 2023 Beihang Mathematics Culture Festival
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3466.htm
TEXT:
Academician Yuan Yaxiang Invited to Deliver Lecture for 2023 Beihang Mathematics Culture Festival
                

                    Release time：March 30, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On the afternoon of March 22, Yuan Yaxiang, Academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Member of the Standing Committee of the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, Vice Chairman of the Chinese Association for Science and Technology, and Researcher of the Academy of Mathematics and System Sciences of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, was invited to give the first lecture of the 2023 Mathematics Culture Festival series at Beihang University. The lecture, centered on the topic “Big Data and Optimization”, was hosted by Han Deren, Dean of the School of Mathematical Sciences.

Academician Yuan Yaxiang introduced the application of big data in transportation, intelligence, medical services, finance, wireless communication, etc., and explained the changes and innovations brought by big data technology to every aspect of social life. He pointed out that data science as an interdisciplinary subject has emerged as the times require. Combining cases in health and photography fields, Academician Yuan introduced data science from four aspects, including data collection, data processing, data analysis, and data application.

As one of the core techniques of data science, optimization can be commonly interpreted as picking the best one among multiple choices, said Academician Yuan. Many big data problems can be summed up as optimization problems. For instance, the compression-awareness problem can be reduced to finding the solution with the smallest 0-parameter for a system of linear equations of low rank and multivariate. Subsequently, Academician Yuan introduced the gradient method, alternating direction method, augmented Lagrangian function method, subspace technique, stochastic gradient method and other optimization methods frequently used in data science.

“Life is like a super marathon, the bigger the derivative, the greater the achievement.” Academician Yuan hoped that students could make good use of optimization thinking methods to solve practical problems in study and life with perseverance and persistence, understand the essence of mathematics, follow the progress of the times, aim at social needs, and use Chinese data to carry out Chinese research.
This lecture is the first one of its kind during the 2023 Mathematics Culture Festival. This year’s festival opened on March 14 and has launched various activities to demonstrate the charm of mathematical culture, so that Beihang students could have a multi-faceted, all-round experience about the beauty of mathematics.


Reported by Li Fei
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:236
TITLE:Beihang Researchers Publish an Article in Nature, Reporting the Latest Findings on the Toughening Mechanism in Nanotwinned Diamond
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2178.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Researchers Publish an Article in Nature, Reporting the Latest Findings on the Toughening Mechanism in Nanotwinned Diamond
                

                    Release time：June 24, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On June 18, an article entitled “Hierarchically structured diamond composite with exceptional toughness” was published in Nature, reporting the latest findings on the toughening mechanism in nanotwinned diamond (nt-diamond). The research was conducted by the team of Professors Guo Lin and Yue Yonghai from the School of Chemistry of Beihang University and the team of Academician Tian Yongjun from Yanshan University. Professor Yue Yonghai, Ph.D student Gao Yufei and Professors Hu Wentao and Xu Bo are first authors. Professors Zhou Xiangfeng and Guo Lin and Academician Tian Yongjun are corresponding authors.

Diamond is essential for a wide range of industrial and scientific applications. Although its hardness is unparalleled, its toughness is inferior to that of many known tool materials. Increasing its hardness still further usually results in lower toughness, shortening the lifetime of diamond tools. Improving toughness and hardness simultaneously is challenging because of the intrinsic brittleness of diamond. Nanotwins have been proven to effectively improve the hardness of diamond (Nature, 2014, 510, 250), and the introduction of non-3C phase diamond polytypes (such as 2H, 4H, 9R, 15R, etc.) with the change of preparation conditions is expected to further improve its toughness. Having a command of its toughening mechanism at the atomic scale is conducive to the design of new superhard and supertough diamond, and will play a positive role in the development of superhard materials and engineering ceramics with better properties.

Fig. 1 HAADF-STEM images of nt-diamond composite synthesized at 15 GPa and 2,000 °C
Considering that, the team of Professors Guo Lin and Yue Yonghai and the team of Academician Tian Yongjun collaborated to research the toughening mechanism in nt-diamond through in-situ experimental mechanics of nanomaterials at the atomic scale before fully understanding the non-3C polytypes. They have proposed a new idea of diamond toughening, which solves the scientific problem that diamond materials cannot be both superhard and supertough.
The researchers systematically studied the fracture behavior of thent-diamondby using the established scanning electron microscope in-situ mechanical testing equipment and the in-situ single-cut beam bending experiment method. The fracture toughness measured was up to 26.6 MPa m1/2, which was more than five times that of the synthetic diamond material (Fig. 2). In order to further reveal the origin of high fracture toughness, the crack propagation mechanism of nanotwinned composite diamond materials was studied by a spherical-aberration-corrected scanning transmission electron microscope. It is found that in the high-density twin region, the crack expands along {111} plane and changes its direction rapidly at the twin boundary, forming a zigzag path. When the crack meets the non-cubic polytype structure, the {111} plane is no longer continuous, and the crack propagation path becomes curved and undulating. When the crack passes through the non-3C phase diamond polytype structure, the non-3C phase diamond will change into 3C phase diamond (Fig. 3). The synergistic effect of the above aspects greatly dissipates energy, which significantly improves the fracture toughness of the material.

Fig. 2 Snapshots from in situ bending test and summarized mechanical performance of typical engineering materials

Fig. 3 In situ bending test of nt-diamond composite in TEM
The work was supported by the National Key R&D Program of China, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the National Science Foundation for Distinguished Young Scholars, Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering of Beihang University, Beihang Excellent Talent Cultivation Program, etc.

More information of this article:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-020-2361-2


Reported by Wei Qian
Reviewed by Li Hongjie
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:237
TITLE:Moments in 6th Beihang International Cultural Festival
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2584.htm
TEXT:
Moments in 6th Beihang International Cultural Festival
                

                    Release time：September 4, 2017 / Li Mingzhu
                


The 6th Beihang International Cultural Festival was held at Qiushi Square on May 20th, with international students from 41 countries introducing the cultural appeal of their motherlands by an exhibition and a performance.

In the exhibition area, the students showed characteristic pictures, handicrafts, food and instruments in their countries. Wearing national clothes, they talked about their cultures and daily activities with participants, who were also invited to try their hometown flavors and learn some basic words from these enthusiastic hosts.










Meanwhile, a fascinating show of traditional arts was staged in the performance area. The performers from various countries attracted a great number of audience with their traditional songs, dance and instruments, illustrating the colorfulness and wonderfulness of various cultures.














Photos by Liu Zhanqiang and Shi Yue
Translated and Edited by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:238
TITLE:Beihang Students Win 2 Gold and 2 Silver Medals in 47th ICPC Asia-East Continent Final Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3474.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win 2 Gold and 2 Silver Medals in 47th ICPC Asia-East Continent Final Contest
                

                    Release time：April 4, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On March 25 and 26, 2023, the Huawei Cup 47th International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) Asia-East Continent Final Contest was held at Shanghai University, Baoshan Campus, attracting a total of 840 contestants of 280 teams from 144 universities including Peking University, Tsinghua University, and Beihang University. Having previously won all the four available slots for a single university, Beihang sent four teams with 12 students to compete this time. All four teams achieved excellent results, winning 2 gold and 2 silver medals. For this final, Song You served as coach, and Liu Ziyuan, Zhong Zihao and Min Jiaxu served as assistant coaches.

ICPC is the world’s largest, highest level, and most highly participated contest of its kind. Known as the “Olympic Games” of the IT industry, the contest aims to enable college students to fully demonstrate their ability to analyze and solve problems through the computer. The contest is held once a year. In the 2022-2023 season, ICPC Asia-East Continent has set up 7 regional competitions, namely in Shenyang, Xi’an, Hefei, Jinan, Hangzhou, Nanjing, and Hong Kong. Tens of thousands of students participated in the preliminary election, among which thousands made it to the regional competitions. A total of 840 people from 280 teams advanced to the latest Asia-East Continent Final Contest.
At Beihang University, the ICPC competition is led by the Department of Academic Affairs and organized and implemented by the School of Software. Undergraduate students and graduate students from all schools participate in the event. Established in 2005, the ACM Training Team of Beihang University usually arranges a university-level competition on program design each year to select ACM contestants while also attempting to improve students’ basic capabilities in program design. Around 40 students from across the university will be selected to form a number of teams of three, and they will accept training in spring and summer. Later in September, they will begin to take part in ICPC network trials as well as live competitions.
ICPC regionals take place roughly once a week and usually last for half a year. Universities that advance through the regional contests and Asia-East Continent Final will be qualified to compete in the World Final of ICPC next year.


Reported by Qu Le
Reviewed by Lei Xiaofeng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:239
TITLE:Strategic Cooperation Agreements Signed between Beihang University and China Electronics Technology Group Cooperation
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3207.htm
TEXT:
Strategic Cooperation Agreements Signed between Beihang University and China Electronics Technology Group Cooperation
                

                    Release time：November 26, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


On the afternoon of November 23, the signing ceremony of strategic cooperation agreements between Beihang University and China Electronics Technology Group Cooperation (hereinafter referred to as CETC) was held in CETC Electronics Building. Chen Zhaoxiong, Chairman and Party Secretary of CETC, Yang Jun and Lyu Weiping, Vice Presidents of CETC, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Wang Yunpeng and Lyu Weifeng, Vice Presidents of Beihang University, Su Donglin, Professor of the School of Electronics and Information Engineering, and a number of other representatives attended the signing ceremony.

The signing ceremony
On behalf of Beihang University, Cao Shumin expressed her gratitude to CETC for its long-term support to Beihang University. She introduced the development of Beihang University in personnel training, discipline construction and scientific research in recent years. She pointed out that Beihang University has always served the major strategic needs of the country, and the cooperation between Beihang University and CETC is of far-reaching significance for a modern national scientific research mechanism. Cao Shumin hoped that the two sides will take this opportunity to work together and cultivate high-level innovative talents, so as to solve key technical problems and promote the national strategy of science and technology strength.

Cao Shumin delivering a speech
Chen Zhaoxiong extended a warm welcome to Cao Shumin and her delegation. He fully recognized the outstanding contributions made by Beihang University in personnel training, scientific and technological innovation as well as its service for social and economic development as the first aeronautics and astronautics institution founded by the People’s Republic of China. He stressed that CETC is focusing on the development of electronic equipment, network information system, industrial foundation and network security, accelerating its pace of reform and innovation to become more competitive. He hoped that the two sides will take the agreement as a new starting point to expand cooperation areas and upgrade cooperation levels centering on scientific and technological innovation, talent training, achievement transformation, etc., so as to make greater contributions in the development of science and technology.

Chen Zhaoxiong delivering a speech
At the signing ceremony, Lyu Weiping and Wang Yunpeng signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement on behalf of both sides; Zhang Yun, Chairman of CETC Taiji Group Company Limited, and Zhang Desheng, Party Secretary of the School of Software of Beihang University, signed the Cooperation Agreement on Building Joint Technical Center of Characteristic Software on behalf of both sides; and the Cooperation Agreement on Joint Innovation Working Center of Beihang University was signed by Xu Luo, President of CETC Technology Research Institute, and Wang Yunhong, Dean of the School of ComputerScience and Engineering. Other participants have witnessed the signing.

Lyu Weiping and Wang Yunpeng signing the Strategic Cooperation Agreement

Zhang Yun and Zhang Desheng signing the Cooperation Agreement on Building Joint Technical Center of Characteristic Software

Xu Luo and Wang Yunhong signing the Cooperation Agreement on Joint Innovation Working Center of Beihang University
According to the agreements, the two sides will give full play to their strengths in scientific research, talent cultivation and discipline construction, and make joint efforts to promote the integration of production, education and research, so as to build a world-class enterprise with global competitiveness and a high-level university with Chinese characteristics.


Reported and edited by Song Chao
Reviewed by Zhang Yaotian
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:240
TITLE:Self-Assessment of Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for BDBC Begins
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2200.htm
TEXT:
Self-Assessment of Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for BDBC Begins
                

                    Release time：April 2, 2020 / Zhao Yue
                


On the afternoon of March 27, Beihang University held a video conference on launching the self-assessment of Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data and Brain Computing (BDBC), according to the requirements of Beijing Municipal Education Commission. More than 20 participants attended the conference, including Beihang Vice Presidents Tao Zhi and Zhang Guang, and representatives from the Office of Party and Government Affairs, the Department of Development and Planning, the Institute of Science and Technology, Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for BDBC, etc. Fan Yubo, President of the Interdisciplinary Innovation Institute for Medicine and Engineering, presided over the conference.
Liu Xudong, Executive Deputy Director of Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for BDBC, reported the accomplishments of the center in the past five years from such aspects as talent team construction, financial audit, scientific research and its role in promoting the economic and social development of Beijing, as well as the preparatory work for the self-assessment. Leaders of relevant departments put forward suggestions and comments on the center’s self-assessment.
Tao Zhi pointed out that the center is a special zone for scientific research and talent cultivation of the university. Fully understanding the importance of self-assessment work, all departments should strengthen organizational leadership, clarify the responsibilities and carry out the evaluation work earnestly. During the preparation stage, the achievements of the center should be fully summarized and all-round, multi-dimensional and multi-perspective evaluation should be conducted to promote the next stage of high-equality construction, constantly creating a new chapter in the development of the center.

Reported by Lin Ouya and Liu Yan
Reviewed by Wang Rongqiao
Edited by Jia Aiping and Song Chao
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:241
TITLE:Symposium in Commemoration of 110th Anniversary of Lu Shijia’s Birth Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3046.htm
TEXT:
Symposium in Commemoration of 110th Anniversary of Lu Shijia’s Birth Held
                

                    Release time：April 19, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


On the morning of April 10, a symposium in commemoration of the 110th anniversary of Lu Shijia's Birth and the 3rd “Beautiful Mechanics” academic seminar was held at Beijing Vision International Cultural Exchange Center.

More than 200 people attended this event, including a number of academic representatives, leaders and guests from relevant units, Lu Shijia's family, friends, and students. This event was presided over by Zhao Gang, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University.
On behalf of all the students and teachers, Party Secretary of Beihang University Cao Shumin delivered an opening speech at the symposium to convey her reverence for Lu Shijia，a famous dynamicist and educator in China, who is also one of the pioneers of China’s modern aerodynamics and one of the main founders of Beihang University. Cao points out that students can learn a lot about our party's history by memorizing this great educator.

Cao Shuming, Party Secretary of Beihang University, delivered a speech
Academician Wei Yueguang, Vice President of the Chinese Society of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics and Tang Zhigong, President of the Chinese Society of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics, spoke as guest representatives respectively, reflecting on Lu Shijia's continuous exploration and dedication in the deeds of China's aviation education.

Wei Yueguang, Vice President of the Chinese Society of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics, made a speech

Tang Zhigong, President of the Chinese Society of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics, made a speech

Zhao Gang, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, hosted the meeting
Following that, a number of academicians and professors, who were once students of Lu Shijia, made short speeches in succession to memorize the great educator.








On behalf of other family members, Lu Shijia's son Zhang Kecheng shared some interesting stories about his mother, revealing the other side of the great scientist, who is also flesh and blood and amiable like others.

Lu Shijia's son Zhang Kecheng delivered a speech

Lu Shijia's niece Lu Shujun delivered a speech
By recalling the teaching details of Lu Shijia, all participants demonstrated a comprehensive image of the great scientist and educator, who not only spared no efforts in contributing to her country, but also paid great attention to the cultivation of talents.

After the symposium, the 3rd “Beautiful Mechanics” academic seminar was held, on which academician Xiang Jinwu and Lu Shijia’s son Zhang Kecheng unveiled “Lu Shijia Class” together.

Academician Xiang Jinwu (Right) and Lu Shijia’s son Zhang Kecheng (Left) unveiled “Lu Shijia Class”
Bao Rui, Executive Vice President of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, introduced the goal and cultivation model of “Lu Shijia Class”. She noted that by inheriting and carrying forward the patriotic spirit of Lu Shijia, this class aims to cultivate talents who can make contributions to our country with true talents.

Bao Rui, Executive Vice President of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, made an introduction on “Lu Shijia Class”

A group photo of the guests


Reported by Wang Qing and Bai Chenyuan
Photographed by Di Bailu and Jin Hui
Reviewed by Lin Guiping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:242
TITLE:Beihang Professor Su Donglin Honored with National May 1 Labor Medal
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2339.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor Su Donglin Honored with National May 1 Labor Medal
                

                    Release time：May 8, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang Professor Su Donglin was granted the 2019 National May 1 Labor Medal at the 14th Congress of Beijing Municipal Trade Union held at Beijing Conference Center recently.

Su Donglin is a professor and PhD supervisor as well as director of the Institute of EMC Technology of Beihang University. Prof. Su and her team pioneered the method of the top-down quantification design, prediction and evaluation of electromagnetic compatibility. She undertook various research tasks like the theory and method, design and evaluation, experimental system development, experimental detection and problem solving methods of system-level electromagnetic compatibility, and has cultivated a large number of outstanding professionals in electromagnetic compatibility. She was awarded one first prize of State Technological Invention Award, two second prizes and one third prize of National Science & Technology Progress Award, and a second prize for teaching achievement, respectively. She has published more than 50 papers and 4 books, and applied for 11 national patents.

Prof. Su Donglin and her team members
The National May 1 Labor Medal and the National May 1 Labor Certificate are top labor honors awarded to laborers, enterprises, public institutions and government agencies that have made remarkable contributions to the construction of socialism with Chinese characteristics by the All-China Federation of Trade Unions. Beihang University won the honorary title of National May 1 Labor Certificate in 2014, and Beihang Professor Xiang Jinwu was honored with the National May 1 Labor Medal in 2018.

Reported by Gu Yu
Reviewed by Cheng Wenhao
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:243
TITLE:Beihang Wins Victory Cup in 18th “Challenge Cup” Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3632.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins Victory Cup in 18th “Challenge Cup” Contest
                

                    Release time：November 6, 2023 / Han Xu
                


On the evening of October 30, the award ceremony for the 18th “Challenge Cup” National College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Contest was held. Beihang University bagged a total of 12 grand prizes, 6 first prizes, 5 second prizes, and 2 third prizes, ranking fifth nationwide in overall scores and once again bringing home the “Victory Cup” of the competition. Beihang is the only university in Beijing that has received special prizes (or the highest level of awards) in all four competition categories, updating its record as the only university to nab the cup for 18 consecutive contests.

In the main competition track, Beihang clinched 3 grand prizes, 2 first prizes, and 1 third prize, ranking fourth. The work “Intelligent Variable-wing Aircraft Based on Distributed Seamless Flexible Control Surface”, submitted by the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, uses flexible intelligent variable-wing technology, significantly enhancing the overall performance of the aircraft.

In the “Black Technology” exhibition,  “Micron-Sensing - Ultra-Miniature High Maneuverability Robotics Platform”, the entry submitted by the School of Energy and Power Engineering, won first place and was invited to the “Black Technology” on-stage roadshow. It proposes an ultra-micro high mobility robot platform based on MEMS technology, whose various performance lead the world. The undergraduate research team has obtained one authorized patent as first authors, and the research results have been published in an EI journal.

Beihang attached great importance to this year’s competition, under the leadership of Youth League Committee, active participation and cooperation from departments such as the Department of Academic Affairs, the Institute of Science and Technology, Assets and Laboratory Management Office, and various schools. It has actively collected outstanding works from students and teachers since September 2021. With excellent performance in the campus-level, city-level, and national-level competitions, Beihang achieved remarkable results in the final contest.

Since its establishment in 1989, the “Challenge Cup” National College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Contest has been held for 18 consecutive times, with over 2 million college students from more than 1,000 universities participating in each contest. Beihang University has won the highest honor, the “Challenge Cup”, three times in the 11th contest in 2009, the 16th contest in 2019, and the 17th contest in 2021, respectively. It has also been awarded a replica of the cup that can be permanently kept.


Written by: Han Xu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:244
TITLE:Beihang Researchers Make Progress in Atomic Spin-Based Ultrasensitive Magnetic Field and Inertia Measurement
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2201.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Researchers Make Progress in Atomic Spin-Based Ultrasensitive Magnetic Field and Inertia Measurement
                

                    Release time：March 27, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


Funded by the National Natural Science Foundation of China, a set of experimental research apparatus for atomic spin-based ultrasensitive magnetic field and inertia measurement was successfully developed under the joint efforts of a Beihang interdisciplinary research team and other five teams.
The Beihang team consists of Academician Fang Jiancheng, Academician Jiang Lei, Prof. Fan Yubo, etc. The five groups of collaborators are the team of Academician Chu Junhao from East China Normal University, Prof. Zhang Tiancai’s team from Shanxi University, Dr. Wang Chunru’s team from the Institute of Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) , Dr. Liu Wuming’s team from the Institute of Physics of CAS, Dr. Zhang Jifeng’s team from the Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science of CAS.
Ultrasensitive magnetic field and inertia measurement apparatus is needed for breakthroughs in fields like electric dipole moment measurement, brain science, geology and high-precision inertial navigation, and atomic spin is one way to achieve such ultrasensitive measurement. Theoretically, this method can significantly outperform the current ones in terms of sensitivity.
Working in this direction, the researchers mastered a number of key technologies innovatively and succeeded in developing a set of experimental research apparatus for atomic spin-based ultrasensitive magnetic field and inertia measurement. The set consists of three sub-platforms (Fig. 1), whose indices all surpass the highest ones ever reported domestically and abroad. On the basis of this set, next-generation research apparatus with higher sensitivity will be developed at Zhejiang Lab as part of the construction of large scientific facilities.

Fig. 1 The set of apparatus for atomic spin-based ultrasensitive magnetic field and inertia measurement developed in the project: (a) the spin-exchange relaxation free (SERF) ultrasensitive magnetic field measurement platform, (b) the SERF ultrasensitive inertia measurement platform and (c) the inertia measurement platform of structure-confined dielectric material and embedded atom manipulation
The research findings of the project have been put into application step by step and achievements at the current stage have been made (Fig. 2). The success of this project effectively boosts the development of quantum precision measurement and sensing technologies.

Fig. 2 Applications of the project: (a) integrated functional magnetic imaging of the brain and heart, (b) measurement of new interaction forces, and (c) a prototype of miniaturized atomic spin gyroscope

More information of the project:
Key technologies:
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8668799
https://journals.aps.org/pra/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevA.94.052705
https://www.osapublishing.org/oe/abstract.cfm?uri=oe-27-8-10787）
Applications:
https://aip.scitation.org/doi/abs/10.1063/1.5018015
https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.121.261803


Reported by Tao Fei
Reviewed by Wang Rongqiao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:245
TITLE:13th UK-China Workshop of Space Science and Technology Held in Ningbo
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2407.htm
TEXT:
13th UK-China Workshop of Space Science and Technology Held in Ningbo
                

                    Release time：December 19, 2018 / Li Siying
                


Sponsored by both China and UK space agencies, the 13th UK-China Workshop of Space Science and Technology was held in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province from December 11 to 13. Beihang University is among the co-organizers of the event.


At the workshop
About 200 experts and government officials attended the workshop and discussed in depth on the eight issues such as trade and policies, space detection and astronomy, earth observation, new space technologies, and so on.
In the meantime, the plan to explore new modes of international cooperation in the field of civil space in 2019 was worked out on the basis of the UK-China Joint Laboratory for Space Science and Technology. 
China and UK have established a good relationship through cooperation in the past years, and have distinct characteristics and advantages in carrying out space science and technology research, said Tian Yulong, Administrator of China National Space Administration. He expressed the hope that, with the joint laboratory as a platform, both sides would continue the substantial cooperation between the two governments, technological departments, universities and institutions. The efforts are expected to be fruitful, laying a solid foundation for further bilateral cooperation in the future.


Tian Yulong delivering his speech
The present achievements made by the two countries, according to Fang Jiancheng, Vice President of Beihang University and Academician of CAS, have gained international reputation. Beihang University has always been devoting to building internationalized teams, modes of talents cultivation and scientific cooperation. Together with Rutherford Appleton Laboratory (RAL), Beihang established the UK-China Joint Laboratory for Space Science and Technology in 2007.


Fang Jiancheng delivering his speech
The UK and China’s partnership in the area of Space was formalized in 2005 when Lord Sainsbury (then UK Minister for Science and Innovation) and Dr Sun Laiyan (then Administrator for the Chinese National Space Administration) signed a Memorandum of Understanding as part of the Science Initiative with China programme. Since then, scientists, industrialists, engineers and policy makers have come together from both countries across a broad spectrum of space, and 12 annual joint space workshops have been held to date.


At the workshop
  
Reported by Wang Qing, Li Luyang
Reviewed by He Sha, Xu Lijun
Edited by Song Chao and Li Siying
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:246
TITLE:Beihang Hosts AISC 2018 in Suzhou
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2463.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Hosts AISC 2018 in Suzhou
                

                    Release time：September 29, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Hosted by Beihang University and its Suzhou Innovation Research Institute, the 13th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Symbolic Computation (AISC 2018) took place at Qingshan Hotel, Suzhou from September 16 to 19.
Among the conference committee, Prof. Wang Dongming of Beihang University and Prof. Jacques Calmet of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology were General Chairs and Program Committee Chair was Prof. Jacques Fleuriot of the University of Edinburgh. Keynote speeches were delivered by Prof. Alan Bundy of the University of Edinburgh, Prof. Zhou Zhihua of Nanjing University and Prof. Chee K. Yap of New York University. Other guest speakers included Prof. James Davenport of the University of Bath, Prof. Ilias S. Kotsireas of Wilfrid Laurier University, Dr. Cezary Kaliszyk of the University of Innsbruck and Dr. Chen Xiaoyu of Beihang University. About 50 domestic and foreign experts and scholars took part in the conference.



 The opening ceremony




Alan Bundy, Zhou Zhihua and Chee K. Yap (from left to right)
The conference was designed as a platform for exchanges and discussions about the theories, methods and applications of artificial intelligence, symbolic computation and the interaction of the two. It covered topics like machine learning and symbolic computation methods in intelligent systems, geometric computation and intelligent robots, algorithm mathematics and mechanization of mathematics, automated reasoning and computational intelligence, data modeling and analysis, knowledge representation and acquisition, intelligent documents and collective intelligence, etc. A collection of selected conference papers was published by Springer in the book series Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence.




A group photo of some attendees
The history of the AISC conferences datesback to 1992, when the first one was held in Karlsruhe, Germany under the name of the International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Symbolic Mathematical Computation. Beijing witnessed the 2006 conference in this series, on which Prof. Wang Dongming worked as the chair and keynote speeches were given by Fields medalist Heisuke Hironaka, Herbrand Award winners Wu Wenjun and William Walker McCune，and Li Wei, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a former president of Beihang University. It is expected that AISC 2018, the second AISC conference held in China, will promote the development in the interdisciplinary field of symbolic computation and artificial intelligence here.
  
Reported by Chen Xiaoyu
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:247
TITLE:Beihang Wins Victory Cup in 13th “Challenge Cup” National College Students Business Plan Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3461.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins Victory Cup in 13th “Challenge Cup” National College Students Business Plan Competition
                

                    Release time：March 24, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


Beihang University once again won the Victory Cup in the 13th “Challenge Cup” National College Students Business Plan Competition held at Beijing Institute of Technology from March 17 to 19, which marks the fifth time that Beihang nabbed the cup since the award was established in 2014.

The competition was sponsored by the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League, the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the China Association for Science and Technology, the All-China Students' Federation and the Beijing Municipal People's Government, and was hosted by Beijing Institute of Technology, the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League and the Fangshan District People's Government of Beijing Municipality. This year’s competition received over 330,000 entries from 3,011 universities and attracted 1.424 million student participants. There were a total of 8 projects from Beihang University that survived both the internal selection and the municipal competition, and were shortlisted for the national competition. Among them, 6 made their way to the final defense
The “Challenge Cup” competitions comprise National College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Contest (also known as major-Challenge Cup) and National College Students Business Plan Competition (also known as minor-Challenge Cup). Both events are held every two years. Last year, Beihang updated its record of being the only university that has won cups for 17 consecutive times in the major-Challenge Cup since its inception in 1989. Moreover, it also won “Challenge Cup”, which embodies the highest honor, in the 11th, 16th, and 17th contests. As for the minor-Challenge Cup established in 2014, Beihang University has won cups for 5 consecutive times and was the silver medal winner in 2016 and 2018.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:248
TITLE:Beihang Makes New Contributions to BeiDou Navigation Satellite System
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2846.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Makes New Contributions to BeiDou Navigation Satellite System
                

                    Release time：December 15, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, China's BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS-3) has passed expert technical verification on all performance indicators during the online conference of the Sixth Navigation Systems Panel (NSP/6) of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), which marked the completion of the core and overriding work of officially incorporating the BDS-3 into the ICAO's standards. The achievement was the result of the efforts made by the BDS ICAO Standardization Working Team organized by the Air Traffic Management Office of the Civil Aviation Administration of China and China Satellite Navigation Office.
All the indicators of the BDS Standards and Recommended Practices (SARPs) were developed by the team of Academician Zhang Jun from the National Key Lab of Communication, Navigation and Surveillance/Air Traffic Management (CNS/ATM) of Beihang University, and the successful verification on these indicators represented the most critical step in promoting the application of BDS in civil aviation.

A group photo of experts participating in the process
The completion of ICAO’s technical verification of BDS-3 was not only the first time that the civil signals of BDS-3 systematically passed the in-depth technical verification of an international organization, but also the first time that the Civil Aviation Administration of China successfully made a complex giant system independently developed by China the standards of ICAO, with its own team being the core in the process.
The National Key Lab of CNS/ATM of Beihang University focuses on the research into CNS/ATM system and technology. It was established under the authorization of the State Council and the Air Traffic Management Commission of the Central Military Commission, and Professor Zhang Jun, Member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, works as its Director. Supported by Beihang University and cooperating with Aviation Data Communication Corporation, the lab develops a multidisciplinary, multi-school and university-business research and innovation base of air traffic management technology by combining the efforts of enterprises, universities and research institutions towards applications. Its major research interests include the basic theory, forward-looking technological exploration as well as key technologies of CNS/ATM.


Reported by the Publicity Department of the Party Committee
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:249
TITLE:4th International Workshop on Persistent and Photostimulable Phosphors Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2537.htm
TEXT:
4th International Workshop on Persistent and Photostimulable Phosphors Held
                

                    Release time：May 11, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


The 4th International Workshop on Persistent and Photostimulable Phosphors (4PPP) was convened from April 4 to 8 at Park Plaza Beijing Science Park. The workshop was jointly hosted by Beihang University and Peking University. Prof. Yan Chunhua, President of Lanzhou University, was the Chair of the workshop. Prof. Zhang Junying from Beihang University and Prof. Xia Zhiguo from the University of Science and Technology Beijing were co-chairs of the workshop.  

Aimed at making combined effort to unravel the nature of persistent and photostimulable luminescent materials, the workshop consisted of 133 academic reports (9 plenary talks, 22 keynote talks, 44 invited talks and 58 oral talks) and 79 poster presentations. The plenary talks were given by nine prominent experts from home and abroad including Prof. Andries Meijerink from Netherlands, Prof. Setsuhisa Tanabe and Prof. Chao-Nan Xu from Japan, Prof. Bruno Viana from France, Prof. Jean-Claude G. Bünzli from Switzerland, Prof. Dayong Jin from Australia, Prof. Qiu Jianrong from Zhejiang University and Prof. Sun Lingdong from Peking University.
Academician Yan Chunhua addressed the opening ceremony, offering his welcome to all the scientists in the field of luminescent materials who participated in the workshop. Academician Zhou Ji from Tsinghua University hosted the plenary talks. Lu Guanghong, Dean of the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering of Beihang University, was also present and gave the welcome address.  
The 4PPP Workshop covered subjects like the synthesis and development of persistent and photostimulable materials with different wavebands, defect and structural characterization, dynamic energy transfer processes, simulation and models for processes such as the trapping and releasing of charge carriers and applications of persistent and photostimulable materials in biomedical imaging, cancer treatment, luminescent nanomaterials and so on. It fully presented the latest and forefront development in the field of persistent and photostimulable materials, and even in a broader sense, the field of luminescent materials. Participants further discussed the new system design, synthesis, characterization, performance test and applications of luminescent materials, expecting to inspire new ideas and ways of thinking to solve basic scientific problems.
The workshop offered guidance to the design, preparation and applications of persistent and photostimulable materials in the future and provided theoretical support for the wide use of luminescent materials through heated and in-depth discussions. Besides registered delegates, there were about 40 graduate students from Beihang University attending the workshop and actively participating in the discussions with delegates.

Attendees from home and abroad spoke highly of the workshop, believing that adequate preparations had been made for this activity, including the participation of domestic and foreign peers, selection of themes and venue, schedule and announcements, accommodation and meal arrangement, safety measures, manufacturer exhibition, discussions during intervals, etc. The success of the 4PPP Workshop lays a good foundation for the continuation of the workshop series.

Source from the International Division
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:250
TITLE:Beihang Leaders Take Group Photos with 2019 Graduates
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2316.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Leaders Take Group Photos with 2019 Graduates
                

                    Release time：June 12, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of June 11, 3,758 graduating undergraduates from 27 schools assembled on the square in front of Main Building to take group photos. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Executive Vice President Fang Jiancheng, Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Wang Yunpeng and Zhang Guang, Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, as well as heads from various schools, teachers and student advisers attended the event and took photos with the graduates, extending their best wishes for them.

During the interval, the students flocked to the university leaders to take photos as a memento. The leaders wrote blessing messages and kindly inquired about students’ employment whereabouts. They hoped that the graduates would continue to carry out the Beihang Spirit after graduation and be a person with ideals and responsibilities in the new era.


A sweet and warm graduation atmosphere filled the campus. Two banners marked with graduation slogan were suspended from the Main Building. Many graduation photo boards were set in front of Main Building and the library. The video recorded the whole photo process, during which the students shouted out their vigorous graduation slogans loudly to express their nostalgia for the Alma mater, their longing for the future and their pride in being Beihanger.





The photos capture the wonderful moments of students’ four-year study life in Beihang and carry their deep blessing and good expectations to the Alma Mater, leaving an unforgettable memory for them as they embark on a new journey of life.

Reported by Sun Tianxu
Photographed by Song Chao and Di Bailu
Reviewed by Dong Zhuoning
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:251
TITLE:Beihang Students Volunteer at 2018 FOCAC Summit
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2473.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Volunteer at 2018 FOCAC Summit
                

                    Release time：September 12, 2018 / li Mingzhu
                


From August 29 to September 5, 52 Beihang students worked as volunteers at the 2018 Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC). Their service covered religious activities and arrangements outside the meeting room, and the total of their working hours reached 2,686 hours. 
In terms of religious service, the students served ten people who went to the prayer rooms and meditation chambers for religious purposes. Among them were reporters, entrepreneurs, and embassy personnel from Egypt, Algeria, Uganda, Burkina Faso, etc., and they thought highly of the work of the volunteers. The student volunteers were also inspected by officials from the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, China Central Television and the People’s Government of Beijing Municipality, who commended their efforts.
Outside the forum, the students provided guide service at Beijing Zhongshan Park for Chinese and foreign tourists. In particular, ten volunteers from the Sino-French Engineer School dealt with problems of communication in French and translated the introduction of the park. Their three-day service was unanimously praised by teachers in charge of the volunteering work there.


About 2,400 volunteers from 32 Beijing universities participated in the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. Among them, Beihang students, with their punctuality, discipline, obedience and enthusiasm, were part of the beautiful scenery at the forum and embodied the good qualities of Beijing university students.
  
Reported by Yang Danqi
Edited by Yang Xinyu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:252
TITLE:Memorandum of Cooperation Signed Between Beihang and ENAC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2564.htm
TEXT:
Memorandum of Cooperation Signed Between Beihang and ENAC
                

                    Release time：January 11, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


With Chinese President Xi Jinping and French President Emmanuel Macron as witnesses, a memorandum of cooperation in running a university was signed by Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, and Olivier Chansou, Director of Ecole Nationale de l'Aviation Civile (ENAC), at the Great Hall of the People on the afternoon of January 9th.


According to the memorandum, Beihang and ENAC will make full use of their advantages to jointly build a top international aviation university that adopts new mechanisms. With the support from the People’s Government of Zhejiang Province as well as Chinese and French enterprises, the university, an independent legal entity under Sino-French cooperation, will cultivate excellent professionals in aviation for China and the world.
Located in Paris at birth and moved to Toulouse in 1968, ENAC is a leading university in Europe in the field of aviation, providing the civil aviation industry of Europe with a great number of talents since its foundation in 1949. Its areas of expertise include air traffic management, civil aviation management, airport management, global navigation satellite system, pilot training, etc.
Beihang’s partnership with ENAC dates back to 2011. At present, the two universities has cooperated closely and deeply in research on air traffic management, satellite navigation and airworthiness, and their joint effort in talent cultivation has also borne fruit. Launched in 2014, their program to cultivate talents in airworthiness is financed by the China Scholarship Council.
In recent years, Beihang has put forward its goal to build a world-class university rooted in China and the “university-to-university, professor-to-professor, and student-to-student” (UPS) development strategy for internationalization. It is believed that the signing of this memorandum will bring more international high-level talents to the civil aviation industry.
Reported by Gao Yuan and Niu Miaozhuo
Photo by Kong Xiangming
Edited by Shi Yue and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:253
TITLE:Beihang Professor Liu Hong Named to “Top 10 Female Personnel of 2018” List
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2396.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor Liu Hong Named to “Top 10 Female Personnel of 2018” List
                

                    Release time：January 3, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang Professor Liu Hong was named to the “Top 10 Female Personnel of 2018” list released by China Women’s News on January 1, 2019.

Professor Liu Hong is the chief designer of Lunar Palace 1. On May 15th, 2018, the Lunar Palace 365 Experiment which lasted for 370 days achieved complete success with four volunteers walking out of the lab at Beihang University on May 15th, 2018, setting a new world record for the longest bioregenerative life support system experiment with highest degree of closure. The experiment is of great significance to the long-term survival of human beings on the moon or other extraterrestrial bodies. It realizes the long-term stable circulation of the human-animal-plant-microorganism ecosystem with high closure degree and biological diversity, while maintaining the physical and mental health of human beings. In this experiment, eight volunteers were divided into two groups and three shifts: Group 1 was on duty for the first shift of 60 days; Group 2 then stayed in the lab for 200 days, which has broken the previous world record of 180 days in a similar closed ecosystem set by Russia in the early 1970s; Group 1 at last was on the duty for the third shift accounting for 110 days.

 
Reported and edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:254
TITLE:Prof. Anil K. Jain Delivers Lecture at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2375.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Anil K. Jain Delivers Lecture at Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 13, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


Invited to visit the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Anil K. Jain, a world-renowned expert in biometrics recognition and University Distinguished Professor at Michigan State University, delivered a lecture entitled “Unconstrained Face Recognition” on the morning of March 6. The lecture was hosted by Prof. Wang Yunhong from the School of Computer Science and Engineering.

Focusing on face recognition, the lecture reviewed the history of this field and discussed topics like face recognition datasets and unconstrained face recognition. In the lecture, Prof. Anil K. Jain first talked about the significance of face recognition and the milestones in the development of face recognition algorithms and image acquisition hardware. He also analyzed the extension from constrained face recognition to unconstrained one and introduced IJB-S dataset, which was partly collected by him and is to be released soon, as well as the latest research progress made by his team with this dataset. According to him, major challenges still confront face recognition in unconstrained environments.
Next, Prof. Jain shared some studies by his team in the last two years, including DeepMDS, a method to extract features in low dimension for face recognition, and WarpGAN, an approach to generate comic portraits automatically. He also introduced the extension of face recognition technology into individual animal recognition, which is of great importance in the fields like endangered animal protection and animal breeding monitoring.
Finally, Prof. Jain summarized the lecture and noted a large number of important problems and challenges in face recognition. After the lecture, he received many questions from the teachers and students present and provided satisfactory answers to them. The event ended with enthusiastic applause from the audience.

Prof. Jain is a Member of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering (NAE), a Foreign Fellow of the Indian National Academy of Engineering (INAE) as well as a Fellow of ACM, IEEE, AAAS, IAPR, SPIE, etc. His research interests cover pattern recognition, computer vision and biometrics recognition. His prizes include Guggenheim, Humboldt, Fulbright, and King-Sun Fu Prize. He was Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence. He has published several monographs, such as Handbook of Face Recognition, Handbook of Fingerprint Recognition and Handbook of Multibiometrics, as well as hundreds of high-level papers. His research findings have been applied by international companies in biometrics recognition like NEC and Morpho, and he is very famous and influential in both academic and industrial communities. He was once rated as one of the most cited scholars in the field of computer science, with a Google h-index of 181 and nearly 190,000 citations.


Reported by Zhou Xiaoyi
Reviewed by Zhuang Jie
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:255
TITLE:Beihang Signs Agreement with Vienna University of Technology on Student Exchange
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2401.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Agreement with Vienna University of Technology on Student Exchange
                

                    Release time：December 25, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Recently, Vice President Huang Haijun, on behalf of Beihang University, signed a student exchange agreement with Vienna University of Technology (TU Wien). According to the agreement, students will be sent to each other’s universities to study based on the principle of free tuition and mutual recognition of credit.

Founded in 1815, TU Wien is the most prestigious university of science and technology in Austria. It ranks 199th according to the QS World University Rankings 2019 and 2nd in Austria. Currently, the university has 4,783 faculty and staff and 30,033 students (5,199 international students included). It consists of 8 faculties, and its advantageous subjects include Computing and Information Systems, Electronic and Electrical Engineering, Biological Sciences, etc. TU Wien, like Beihang, is also a member of the T.I.M.E. (Top Industrial Managers for Europe).
 
Reported by Gao Yuan
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:256
TITLE:British Sci-tech and Culture Summer Camp Closes
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3596.htm
TEXT:
British Sci-tech and Culture Summer Camp Closes
                

                    Release time：September 14, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


The 2023 British Sci-tech and Culture Summer Camp of Shen Yuan Honors College was held from August 11 to 25. Adhering to the concept of “embracing and communicating with the world with an open mind, exploring the future in the unity of knowledge and action”, a total of 33 teachers and students from the college visited the University of Cambridge, Imperial College London and the University of Edinburgh in the UK, and conducted a 15-day sci-tech and culture course learning activity.

During the summer camp, students completed cutting-edge international academic courses and attended lectures on biomedicine, nanomagnetics, reinforcement learning, cryptography, computer vision, data training AI, databases, microwave energy, ecology, atomic mechanics, hydrodynamics, and multiphase fluids at these three prestigious universities in the UK. Li, a member of the summer camp, said: "In the course of learning science and technology lectures, I got to know other professional content that is not covered by my professional courses, and advanced my thinking mode from mere theoretical thinking to combining theory and practice. Not only have they enriched my understanding of scientific research, entrepreneurship and management, but they have also improved my interdisciplinary knowledge and abilities."

Teachers and students visited Cavendish Laboratory at the University of Cambridge, the quadrotor small UAV research and development laboratory and undergraduate experimental teaching center at the Imperial University of London, the robotics, 3D printing, nano-printing laboratory in the University of Edinburgh and other laboratories. Yu, a member of the summer camp, wrote in his summary: "Seeing the theory being put into practice, I have developed further understanding of the knowledge learned in Beihang. After visiting these laboratories, my enthusiasm for future research projects increased, and I deeply realized that the knowledge in the textbook is no longer just emotionless words."


In the British campus, the members learned English language and culture-related courses, systematically learning the knowledge of UK society, humanities, history, literature and geography. They also make the most of this visit to get out of the classroom and experience British customs. During the visit and study, students had a more vivid and in-depth understanding of the social life in the UK and a deeper understanding of the diversity of human culture and the complexity of the world.
During the trip, teachers and students also had in-depth exchanges with professors from British universities, and got to know many international students from the UK and other countries and regions of the world. They discussed their research experience, academic life and employment situation. He, a member of the summer camp, said that during the communication, he had further understanding of the basic situation and study life of Cambridge University, Imperial College London and the University of Edinburgh, and gained new insights and experience on how to find the research direction that suits and interests him.
Centering on the "UPS UPS Global Engagement Plan" of Beihang University, and adhering to the needs of the school's internationalization development and the requirements of the college's talent training mode, Shen Yuan Honors College strives to build high-level international summer exchange and visit programs for students. These activities provide students with platforms and opportunities to participate in international exchanges, and help Beihang build a high-quality top-ranking innovative talent education system.


Reported by Han Miao
Reviewed by Liu Kesheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:257
TITLE:Beihang Holds Opening Ceremony for 2022 Fresh Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3364.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Opening Ceremony for 2022 Fresh Students
                

                    Release time：September 13, 2022 / Wen Li
                


At 8 a. m., September 10, the opening ceremony for 2022 fresh students was simultaneously held at both Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus, marking the new journey of these students at Beihang University.




Among attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Zhang Hailan and Zhang Guang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo, Vice President Lyu Weifeng, and Alumni Representative Cen Zheng. The ceremony was hosted by Cheng Bo.



After all the participating students and staff watched a video titled “The Power of Moving Forward”, the ceremony officially kicked off in the solemn national anthem.


At the ceremony, Zhao Changlu presented the university badges to freshmen representatives. All the 2022 fresh students wore their badges on their clothes.



On behalf of all faculty members and students at Beihang, President Wang Yunpeng extended a warm welcome to more than 10,000 fresh students from all over the country. Wang Yunpeng said that 2022 is an extraordinary year as all Beihangers are about to welcome the 20th National Congress of the CPC and also the 70th anniversary of Beihang University. Over the past 70 years, generations of Beihang students and teachers have inherited the “red gene”, trained first-class talent and made remarkable contributions in the course of building a world-class university with Chinese characteristics. “We always stick to patriotism unswervingly, dare to be the first, strive together, and be practical,” said Wang Yunpeng.

President Wang encouraged all the students to remain true to their original aspiration and dedicate themselves to serving the country. Students are expected to improve practical skills and strengthen their ability to innovate in the purpose of shouldering the great task of national rejuvenation. Moreover, they should be positive and resilient, learning lessons from difficulties and setbacks. President Wang noted in his speech that striving and action are of vital importance to youth, so he hoped that all Beihang students would seize the day and live it to the fullest.
Lyu Weifeng read out the prize winners of the 2022 Scholarship for New Graduate Students. The honorary certificates were presented to the winners on stage by leaders.


Parasati Kinnes, a 2022 freshman from the Shijia College delievered a speech as an undergraduate representative. The story between him and Beihang began with the postgraduates voluntary teaching corps. He shared his 8-year engagement with Beihang University and expressed his determination to serve the West region and to devote himself to China’s aviation development.

As a representative of the new postgraduates, Zhao Junbo from the National Elite Engineering School and the Institute of Artificial Intelligence conveyed his resolution to devote himself to the nation by fulfilling his mission.

Zhang Yue, a Ph.D student from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, shared her experience at Beihang. She appealed all the students to be innovative, kind and inherit the Beihang spirit.

Professor Wang Jinliang from the School of Physics spoke as a representative of teachers. He encouraged students to be determined, innovative and active in chasing knowledge and truth, hoping they use their wisdom, passion, diligence and courage to realize the value of life.

At the ceremony, the university leaders presented letters of appointment to counselor representatives. As friends and great mentors to students, the counselors will accompany students to spend the next few years together.


Cen Zheng, the general director of Long March 3A and Heavy Lift Launch Vehicle, who went to the School of Energy and Power Engineering as a freshman in 1982 and then went to the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering as a new graduate in 1986, addressed a speech as an alumni representative. He recalled that the friendship, knowledge and campus life gained in Beihang are unforgettable. He also shared some insights with the students in regards to his own 30-year experience in aerospace fields, inspiring students to be innovative, responsible and willing to pass on the great spirit. Students are expected to learn skills and abilities in Beihang and thus make contributions to building the motherland into a modern powerful socialist country.

The opening ceremony came to an end with all the faculty members and students chorusing the university anthem “Looking up to the Starry Sky”.








Reported by Wang Qing and Li Siyao
Photographed by Di Bailu, Tian Wenhao, Qin Yuhang, et al.
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:258
TITLE:Beihang Student Wins Grand Prize in "FLTRP · ETIC Cup" English Public Speaking Contest（Beijing）
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2140.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Student Wins Grand Prize in "FLTRP · ETIC Cup" English Public Speaking Contest（Beijing）
                

                    Release time：November 16, 2020 / 
                


On November 8, Aishanjiang Tayier, a sophomore student from the School of Foreign Languages has won the Grand Prize in the provincial final of "FLTRP · ETIC Cup" English Public Speaking Contest (Beijing). His supervisor is Xu Guohong, a professor of the School of Foreign Languages with the title of Beijing Distinguished Teacher. He will represent the Beijing division in the national final competition, which will be held in December, 2020.

Aishanjiang Tayier and Professor Xu Guohong
The Beijing final has 46 participating schools, and was held on the basis of in-school trials from universities in Beijing. The preliminary contest was conducted in the form of a three-minute impromptu speech, and Aishanjiang Tayier entered the final as the first-place winner in the preliminary contest. The final was divided into three parts: a topic speech titled "Challenge to All", a 3-minute impromptu speech and answering the judges' questions. Aishanjiang Tayier won the recognition of many judges with his full preparation and excellent performance. He ranked second among all the contestants and won the Grand Prize.
Aishanjiang Tayier comes from Xinjiang, and is a sophomore student of translation and interpretation major in the School of Foreign Languages of Beihang University. He has been interested in English since junior high school, and joined the English Elite Class when he was a freshman at Beihang University. In the past two years, with the help of Xu Guohong, Yu Jinghua and many other teachers, he has made great progress in English public speech.

Aishanjiang Tayier received the Grand Prize
This speech contest is the first national heavyweight foreign language contest since the outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic. The English Elite Class of the School of Foreign Languages has made meticulous and solid efforts in training, selection and preparation for this contest. During the epidemic, the teaching activities of the English Elite Class continued despite all the obstacles. Its students took online speech and debate classes at home, which laid a solid foundation for their participation in this competition.
"FLTRP · ETIC Cup" English Public Speaking Contest is co-sponsored by Foreign Language Teaching and Research Press and National Research Centre for Foreign Language Education, and jointly organized by Beijing Foreign Research Online Digital Technology Co., LTD. and China Language Assessment Center. It is one of three major events of the “Uchallenge” University Student English Challenge, which includes English speaking, writing, and reading. This competition aims to cultivate international talents with international vision, sense of innovation, patriotism and future spirit, guide students to strengthen their cultural confidence, improve their comprehensive quality and promote their language competence. In 2019, due to its authority and professionalism, the speech contest was included in the "Ranking List of Innovative Talent Cultivation and Discipline Competition in Chinese Universities" released by China Association of Higher Education of the Ministry of Education for three consecutive years.
The English Elite Class of the School of Foreign Languages of Beihang University was established in 2010, and every September it recruits new members from the freshmen by selection. Using a small elite cultivation method, it employs good teachers at home and abroad, setting courses of English speech, debates, oral English about current affairs and so on to cultivate students' English speaking ability, international vision, leadership, critical thinking and intercultural communication skills. Over the years, students from this class have won lots of awards in all kinds of national and international English speech contests.


Reported by Liu Wei
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:259
TITLE:13 Foreign Experts of Beihang Invited to Attend Reception for Foreign Experts Celebrating 70th Anniversary of Founding of PRC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2272.htm
TEXT:
13 Foreign Experts of Beihang Invited to Attend Reception for Foreign Experts Celebrating 70th Anniversary of Founding of PRC
                

                    Release time：September 30, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


13 foreign experts of Beihang University were invited to attend a reception for foreign experts held at the Great Hall of the People to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China on the evening of September 27.
Han Zheng, Vice Premier of the State Council and a member of the Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee Political Bureau, attended the reception and delivered a speech. The guests from Beihang University included Huang Haijun, Vice President, Wang Rongqiao, President Assistant and Director of the Institute of Science and Technology, the head of  International Division, 13 foreign experts from the School of Physics, the Sino-French Engineer School, the School of General Engineering, the School of Electronic and Information Engineering and the Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data and Brain Computing as well as their spouses. Among them, Gennady Remnev, Russian Director of Beihang-Tomsk International Laboratory of Intense Pulsed Ion Beams, his wife and Frédéric Genty, French Director of the Sino-French Engineer School, were invited as the representatives of high-level experts to be seated in the area for guests of honor.

A group photo of the Beihang foreign experts and their family members
In the 67 years since Beihang was founded, foreign experts have paid over a thousand visits to the university to work and teach here. As the witnesses, supporters and contributors for the development of China and Beihang, these foreign experts have become good friends with Beihang teachers and students and made important contributions to the remarkable achievements of Beihang University throughout its different stages of development.
In the future, Beihang will implement a more active, open and effective talent recruitment policy firmly and extend a sincere welcome to more foreign experts who will cooperate with Beihang and talents worldwide who will help build Beihang into a Double First-Class university. The university will keep improving the mechanism of talent recruitment and services, providing the foreign experts with a comfortable work environment, a secure feeling about life, and a platform giving full play to their strengths.


Reported by Wang Lingpei
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:260
TITLE:2018 International Graduate Scholarship Fair Held in Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2449.htm
TEXT:
2018 International Graduate Scholarship Fair Held in Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 17, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


The 2018 International Graduate Scholarship Fair (IGSF) was held in Beihang University from Oct. 12 to Oct. 13. Representatives from more than 100 universities in 17 countries, including America, Canada, England, France, Germany, Sweden, Netherlands, Belgium, Italy, Spain, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Korea, Australia, New Zealand and Singapore, attended the fair, offering information on graduate programs and scholarships. The fair was hosted by China Scholarship Council (CSC) and organized by Beihang University.


On Oct. 12, the Networking of 2018 IGSF was held in Beihang. Zhang Ning, Deputy Secretary General of CSC and Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University gave speeches. Huang Haijun pointed out that Beihang had achieved fruitful rewards in the globalization of student cultivation with the support of CSC and Beihang would deepen the international cooperation with world-class universities in the future.


On Oct. 13, the IGSF was held at the gymnasium of Beihang University. The event involved both open consultations and presentations. Representatives from different universities provided students with detailed information on academic disciplines, competitive majors, admission policies and scholarships. Meanwhile, representatives from more than 10 institutes including CSC, University of Oxford, The University of Melbourne, Karolinska Institutet, University of Calgary, etc., gave presentations. Students from Beihang University and other universities had face-to-face and one-to-one communications with representatives. Many qualified students even received offers in the fair.


The IGSF, an annual event which started in 2009, aims to promote cooperation between foreign and domestic universities in graduate education. It is a great platform to connect world-class universities with excellent Chinese students. Beihang University has successfully organized the fair three times. 
  
Reported by Qu Yue
Photographed by Wang Zhen
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:261
TITLE:Beihang-ULB Bilateral Cooperation Seminar Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2526.htm
TEXT:
Beihang-ULB Bilateral Cooperation Seminar Held
                

                    Release time：June 6, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


Beihang University and Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB) held a bilateral cooperation seminar on biomedical‍‍‍‍‍‍ engineering at Beihang University from May 23 to 24. Judith Le Maire, Vice-Rector of International Relations and Development Cooperation of ULB, Dr. Feng Yuan, International Cooperation Officer of ULB who is in charge of relations with China and delegates of professors in biomedical engineering from ULB visited Beihang to discuss the cooperation affairs and participate in relevant academic activities. Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University warmly received the guests at the New Main Building on the afternoon of May 23. Delegates from International Division and the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University were also present.  


In the seminar, Huang Haijun extended his welcome to Prof. Le Maire and reviewed the achievements that had been made in talent cultivation and scientific cooperation since 2011 when the two university set up partnership. He pointed out that Beihang attached great importance to its strategic partnership with ULB and expected to deepen the existing cooperation. Prof. Le Maire thanked Beihang for the warm hospitality and hoped that the two universities could promote cooperation in a broader range of fields and achieve win-win results in the future.‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍ 
‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍Later, Li Deyu, Director of the International Division, introduced Beihang’s development plan to build a world-class university and first-class disciplines as well as developments in internationalization. Dr. Feng Yuan gave an overall introduction of ULB in terms of teaching and scientific researches and made a brief review of the cooperation and relevant programs between the two universities. Next, students who participated in the exchange programs between Beihang and ULB shared their learning experience abroad and expressed their thoughts on the programs. Later, both sides exchanged views and reached consensuses on subjects like facilitating exchanges and communications between the two universities, strengthening cooperation of French teaching and joint cultivation of doctoral students as well as joint application for China-Europe scientific research projects.
After the seminar, the delegation of ULB also visited Beijing Air and Space Museum in Beihang University.


‍In the following day, th‍e bilateral academic seminar between ULB and the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University was held at the conference room of Yifu Building. Associate Professor Wang Yu, Assistant to the Dean of School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering and Prof. Nicolas Baeyens from ULB introduced their schools respectively. More than ten professors from the two universities gave splendid reports in the fields of biomechanics and mechanobiology, medical image processing, rehabilitation engineering, stem cell research and so on. The seminar further improved the partnership between the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University and ULB. 
Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB), founded in 1834, is a well-known comprehensive research university in Europe. With its five Nobel Prize laureates, ULB enjoys a high reputation in Europe in disciplines of biomedical engineering, public health, physics, chemistry, architecture and so on. Beihang and ULB signed a strategic cooperation agreement in March 2014, witnessed by Chinese President Xi Jinping and Elio Di Rupo, former Prime Minister of Belgium. Up to now, more than 110 students have been jointly cultivated by the two sides to obtain a double Master’s degree or doctoral degree. 
  
‍‍‍Edited by Ji Jing and He Jingwen
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:262
TITLE:Latest Research on Graphene Published in PNAS
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2532.htm
TEXT:
Latest Research on Graphene Published in PNAS
                

                    Release time：May 23, 2018 / Liu Xinrui
                


On May 7th, Proceedings of the National Academy ofSciences of the United States of America (PNAS) published the latest research by the team led by Prof. Cheng Qunfeng and Academician Jiang Lei under the title of “Sequentially bridged graphene sheets with high strength, toughness, and electrical conductivity”. Prof. Cheng Qunfeng and Prof. Ray H. Baughman (a member of the National Academy of Engineering) are the corresponding authors. Wan Sijie, a bachelor-straight-to-doctorate student enrolled in 2014, is the first author. Beihang University is the first corresponding organization.

Light and high-strength carbon fiber composites have a wide application in daily life, especially in the fields of aerospace, automobile and sports equipment. However, there are some shortcomings with regard to their making and use. Firstly, the mechanical properties of carbon fiber composites are anisotropic even when carbon fiber sheets are plied. Secondly, delamination of carbon fiber from the polymer matrix, especially in the seams with other materials, causes fractures that lead to failures. Thirdly, the electrical conductivity of carbon fiber composites is lower than desired for some applications. Graphene has great mechanical and electrical properties, so it is one of the ideal materials for the making of new nanocomposites with high performance. However, it is hard and expensive to synthesize high-performance macro nanocomposites with the graphene made through the vapor deposition method. Graphene oxide made from natural mineral graphite powder through the chemical method is just the opposite, but how to produce the desired nanocomposite with this graphene oxide remains a big technical challenge.
The team led by Prof. Cheng has been devoted to research on bionic multifunction graphene nanocomposites for a long time and made a series of achievements. For example, based on a variety of interfacial interactions (hydrogen bond, ion bond, pi bond, covalent bond, etc.), they made a kind of graphene nanocomposite with high strength and conductivity in a bionic way (Adv.Mater.2016, 28, 7862; Adv.Mater.2016, 28, 2834; Angew. Chem.Int. Ed. 2013, 52, 3750; ACSNano2015, 9, 9830; ACS Nano2014, 8, 9511.). Also, based on the synergistic toughening effect of the 1D nanofiber and 2D nanochip, they developed a kind of bionic multifunctional graphene nanocomposite that is fire- (J.Mater. Chem. A2015, 3, 21194.) and fatigue-resistant (ACS Nano2015, 9, 708; ACS Nano2017, 11, 7074; ACS Nano2015, 9, 11568; Adv. Funct. Mater.2017, 27, 1605636; Adv. Funct. Mater.2017, 27, 1703459.)
On the research basis of bionic interfacial assembly, the team further developed a method of bridging sequentially π–π conjugated bond and covalent bond at low temperature to make multifunctional graphene sheet. This kind of sheet provide a tensile strength (944.5 ± 46.6 MPa) and toughness (20.6 ± 1.0 MJ·m−3) that are as 4.5 times and 7.9 times respectively as those of the graphene sheet without sequential bridging. More importantly, this sheet rivals the more expensive commercial carbon fiber composite in tensile strength, and its toughness is better than the latter one (Fig. 2). This research also revealed the mechanism of bridging sequentially π–π conjugated bond and covalent bond through in-situ Raman frequency shifts in the molecule scale, which provides important theoretical direction in making high-performance graphene nanocomposite. Meanwhile, this thin sheet (3~4μm) has high conductivity (512S/cm), good electromagnetic shielding property (about 27 dB in the frequency range between 0.3 and 12 GHz), corrosion and fatigue resistance. This kind of material enjoys a prospect of wide application in the fields of aerospace, automobile and soft electronic devices.

Fig.1. The process of making SBG sheets (A-B), photograph of an SBG sheet (C) and scanning
electron microscope images (D-E)

Fig.2. Mechanical property (A), electromagnetic shielding property (B) and Raman spectroscopy (C-F)
This research was supported by many projects, including the Excellent Young Scientist Fund of the National Natural Science Foundation of China, New Century Talents Scheme of the Ministry of Education, Hok Ying Dong Education Foundation, 111 Project, the National Science Foundation of the United States and so on.
 
The paper: http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2018/05/03/1719111115
The research team of Prof. Cheng: http://chengresearch.net/zh/home-cn/
 
Reported by Zhu Jingchao
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Liu Xinrui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:263
TITLE:ENAC President Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2513.htm
TEXT:
ENAC President Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：June 29, 2018 / Sophie Peng
                


On the morning of June 22nd, a delegation led by Olivier Chansou, President of Ecole Nationale de l’Aviation Civile (ENAC), Mathy Gonon, Director of the Department of Education and Research, and Yohann Mainguy, ENAC’s representative in China, visited Beihang University. They were warmly received by Vice President Huang Haijun and representatives from International Division and Sino-French Engineer School in the New Main Building Conference Center.

Vice President Huang first extended his warm welcome to President Chansou and reviewed the progress both sides have achieved in preparation for the construction of Sino-French Civil Aviation College since this January. He also gave suggestions for future plans. President Chansou expressed gratitude towards Beihang’s contribution to the preparation of the College construction. He said that ENAC has complete trust and confidence in Beihang and would like to make joint efforts to promote the practical implementation of cooperative education. Later, the two sides conducted in-depth discussions regarding the following steps to prepare for the construction of Sino-French Civil Aviation College and finally reached a consensus on future plans.
ENAC is a leading aviation university in Europe and has nurtured numerous elites in the area of civil aviation. Witnessed by Chinese President Xi Jinping and French President Macron, Beihang and ENAC officially signed a memorandum for cooperation of the two universities at the Great Hall of the People on the afternoon of January 9. Based on this protocol, both sides will strive for the establishment of a high-level, internationalized civil aviation college with new mechanism in Zhejiang Province, in hopes of cultivating outstanding professionals in the field of aviation in China and around the world.  
 
Reported by Miaozhuo Niu
Edited by Qing Wang
Translated by Sophie Peng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:264
TITLE:Professor Wenfei Fan Honored Membership of Academia Europaea
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2575.htm
TEXT:
Professor Wenfei Fan Honored Membership of Academia Europaea
                

                    Release time：September 28, 2017 / 
                


Professor Wenfei Fan was elected Member of Academia Europaea in August, 2017, due to his “outstanding achievements as a researcher”.

Professor Fan has made fundamental contributions to both foundations and practice of data management. He is recognized for initiating the formal approach to scalable querying of big data, reshaping the field of data quality, and opening up the field of constraints for semi-structured data. He developed a bounded evaluation theory for querying big data. Based on the theory, a new query evaluation paradigm has been developed, and is verified by industry to be able to improve the performance by orders of magnitude. He proposed a parallel computation model based on simultaneous fixpoint computation with partial evaluation and incremental computation. It is able to parallelize existing sequential (single-machine) graph algorithms, and makes parallel graph computations accessible to a large group of users. He established foundations for each and every of the five central issues of data quality (data consistency, accuracy, timeliness, completeness and entity resolution). He proposed a now standard notion of conditional dependencies that apply to data cleaning, and developed a package of practical methods for improving data quality. He was a pioneer of the field of integrity constraints for XML and graphs, now a mature area well represented in the full spectrum of database research. His work is characterized by developing theories that go beyond theory papers and find practical applications in industry products and standards.
Professor Wenfei Fan is one of the world's top “all-around” database researchers. He is one of the two “Grand Slam” title winners who have collected major awards from all four leading international database theory and systems conferences in the history of database research. He is recipient of the Best Paper Award for ACM SIGMOD Conference on Management of Data (2017), the Alberto O. Mendelzon Test-of-Time Award of ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems (PODS) for papers with the highest impact over 10 years (2015 and 2010), the Best Paper Award for International Conference on Very Large Data Bases (VLDB, 2010), and the Best Paper Award of IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE, 2007). He is the Chair of Web Data Management at the University of Edinburgh, Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (UK), and Fellow of the ACM (USA).
As a Yangtze River scholar, Professor Fan has been contributing to state key research projects, and promoting China-based research to the world. His team at Beihang University is currently developing a parallel graph engine (GRAPE) and a system for querying big relations with bounded resources (BEAS). The team is committed to delivering the first big-data analytics systems made in China, and taking the global lead in this important area of computing, both in academia and industry.
Founded in 1988, Academia Europaea is the Academy of Europe. It currently has 3470 members, including leading experts from the physical sciences and technology, biological sciences and medicine, mathematics, the letters and humanities, social and cognitive sciences, economics and the law. Its members are usually from the states of the Council of Europe, and foreign members from other nations across the world.
Election to Academia Europaea is competitive, with a primary criterion for membership: “sustained academic excellence in the candidate’s field” (2009 Regulations, Section 2). A candidate must be nominated by two members of the Academia, one of whom must be resident in a different country from that of the candidate. Nominated candidates are assessed and ranked by committee members of corresponding Section. Individual Section ranks its candidates and submits a report to its respective Class Chair. After a meeting convened by the Class Chair, a moderated, consolidated single class list of candidates is recommended to Council, for election to the Academy.
An organization of eminent, individual scientists and scholars, its membership includes 73 Nobel laureates, 6 A. M. Turing Award winners, and 15 Fields Medal winners. It covers the full range of academic disciplines including humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and science and technology. The Academy organizes meetings and workshops, provides scientific and scholarly advice, and publishes the ‘European Review’.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:265
TITLE:Beihang Holds Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for Postgraduate Students of Class of 2022
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3245.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for Postgraduate Students of Class of 2022
                

                    Release time：January 12, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


On the morning of January 9, Beihang University Postgraduate Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for students of the 2021-2022 academic year was convened at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. The ceremony was held both online and offline simultaneously with live broadcasts across multiple venues. 183 students earned doctor’s degrees and 2,914 students were awarded master’s degrees at the ceremony.




Among the attendees were Beihang President Xu Huibin, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun, Wang Yunpeng and Zhang Guang, Vice Secretaries of the Party Committee Zhao Gang and Cheng Bo, Vice President Lyu Weifeng, alumni representative Fan Ruixiang, tutor representative Sun Yanming, and academic degree evaluation committee members, etc. The event was hosted by Lyu Weifeng.



The opening video “Navigation • Future” (in Chinese: Ling Hang • Wei Lai) led postgraduates back to their first day at Beihang and reawakened their unique recollection of campus life which will be a beacon to navigate them to a brighter future.
The rhythm of the solemn national anthem marked the beginning of the graduation ceremony. All postgraduate students joined in this event both online and offline, including more than 260 graduate students in the main venue, over 2,000 students from 24 sub-venues, 180 students from research groups and laboratories, and those who participated in the ceremony online at home.



He Xinzhou announced the list of Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing. Tao Zhi read out the list of authors of Beihang Excellent Doctoral Dissertations and their supervisors. Liu Shuchun read out the list of winners of Beihang Excellent Master’s Theses. Huang Haijun introduced winners of the Scholarship for a Career in the Vitalization of National Defense Industry, and Wang Yunpeng presented the name list of Excellent School Counselors. After that, the Graduate School handed the alumni roster over to the Alumni Association.

He Xinzhou announced the list of Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing

Tao Zhi read out the list of authors and supervisors of Beihang Excellent Doctoral Dissertations

Liu Shuchun read out the list of winners of Beihang Excellent Master’s Theses

Huang Haijun introduced winners of the Scholarship for a Career in the Vitalization of National Defense Industry

Wang Yunpeng read out the names of Excellent School Counselors

Lyu Weifeng hosted the ceremony

Handover of the alumni roster
On behalf of all postgraduate supervisors, Prof. Sun Yanming from the School of Chemistry expressed his expectations for all the graduate students, hoping that they can remain true to their original aspirations, keep calm, take responsibility, and be grateful.

Sun Yanming, representative of postgraduate supervisors and professor from the School of Chemistry
Hu Shuwei, a Ph.D. student from the School of Material Science and Engineering expressed his gratitude to Alma Mater on behalf of all postgraduate students and called on them to serve the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics and strive for achieving national rejuvenation in the new era.

Hu Shuwei, representative of graduate students and PhD student from the School of Material Science and Engineering
Alumni representative Fan Ruixiang, Academician of Chinese Academy of Science and chief designer of the “Long March 7”, shared his stories and experience of study and work, encouraging students to never stop the pursuit of learning, face difficulties and obstacles bravely, and communicate and cooperate with others so as to become the pillar of China’s national development rejuvenation in the new era.

Fan Ruixiang, alumni representative and chief designer of the “Long March 7”
“The achievement of China is splendid. The achievement of Beihang is excellent. And the achievement made by you is outstanding,” said President Xu Huibin. In his speech, President Xu reminisced the past in the vintage year of 2021 and motivated all graduates to be mindful of the country and carry forward the spirit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics. He also encouraged them to inherit the spirit of Beihangers who dare to be the pioneer in making breakthroughs from scratch and make an unshakeable commitment in innovation.

President Xu Huibin delivered a speech
With the familiar melody ringing, the ceremony came to an end with all graduates singing the Beihang anthem “Looking Up at the Starry Sky” (in Chinese: Yang Wang Xing Kong) together to express their deep affection for their Alma Mater.



In the following degree-awarding ceremony, university leaders and academic degree evaluation committee members plucked the tassel from the honorary hoods, awarded degrees and certificates to the new graduates, and took pictures with them.





The ceremony marks the end of campus life but also the starting point for the coming future. With the best wishes and blessings from Beihang teachers and students, the graduates will start a brand-new chapter in their life.







Reported by Liu Jingchao
Photographed by Di Bailu, Zhang Yuhan, Wang Zhen and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:266
TITLE:Beihang Attends 10th Sino-Japan University Presidents Forum
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2571.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Attends 10th Sino-Japan University Presidents Forum
                

                    Release time：November 2, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                




From October 20th to 21st, the 10th Sino-Japan University Presidents Forum was held in Shenyang by Northeastern University, China. Prof. Haijun Huang, Vice President of Beihang University, attended the forum and gave a keynote speech on how to foster university education in preparing students for the challenges in their future career development.
In the speech titled “Reform the Talent Cultivation in Beihang”, he illustrated Beihang’s innovative ideas and approaches about talent cultivation with practices like undergraduate enrollment by general subjects, students’ innovation and entrepreneurship, cultivation of internationalized talents, etc., winning wide attention and praise. 


Prof. Huang delivering his speech
During the forum, he also held bilateral meetings with delegates from Keio University, Hiroshima University and Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) respectively on university-level cooperation.


Prof. Huang’s meeting with Keio University


Prof. Huang’s meeting with Hiroshima University


Prof. Huang’s meeting with Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST)
On the student forum held simultaneously, Yiting Cheng, a Beihang senior of the Institute for Advanced Studies in Humanities and Social Sciences, shared her thoughts about university students’ innovation and entrepreneurship with other student representatives from China and Japan.


Yiting Cheng speaking during the student forum
Besides Beihang, those in attendance included 17 Chinese universities, such as Peking University, Tsinghua University, Fudan University, 19 Japanese universities, like Tokyo University, Kyoto University, Waseda University, and seven government organizations and academic institutions: China Scholarship Council, Japan’s Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Consulate of Japan in China, Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST), etc.
Initiated by Peking University and the University of Tokyo, the Sino-Japan University Presidents Forum has become a high-level platform for exchanges between the two countries in higher education since 2000. All participants are first-class universities and government organizations in China and Japan. The next forum will be held in Waseda University in 2019. 
Reported by Cui Chen
Edited by Qing Wang
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:267
TITLE:The 28th International Symposium on Space Flight Dynamics Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3365.htm
TEXT:
The 28th International Symposium on Space Flight Dynamics Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 12, 2022 / Liang Xiaochun
                


From August 29 to September 2, the 28th International Symposium on Space Flight Dynamics (ISSFD 2022), jointly organized by Beihang University, the Technology and Engineering Center for Space Utilization of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS/CSU), the State Key Laboratory of Astronautic Dynamics, and the National Key Laboratory of Aerospace Flight Dynamics of Northwestern Polytechnical University, was convened at Beihang Vision Hotel. The symposium was held both online and offline, attracting more than 200 experts, scholars and researchers from 20 countries and regions around the world.
ISSFD is a well-known academic symposium in the field of space flight dynamics, aiming to build an open platform for experts and scholars in this field to communicate and exchange academic results. The symposium takes place at an interval of about 18 months. Since it was firstly held in 1981 in Darmstadt, Germany, the symposium has been held 27 times around the world. The 27th ISSFD was held in 2019 in Melbourne, Australia, and the 28th ISSFD was delayed until 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which was for the first time in history held in Chinese mainland.
ISSFD 2022 received more than 200 research papers from home and abroad, and after several rounds of manuscript review, 7 invited keynote presentations and 94 sub-forum presentations were finalized. The symposium featured four sessions, including the opening ceremony, keynote presentations, sub-forum presentations and the closing ceremony, which were broadcasted live worldwide through ClassIn online conference system.


The opening ceremony
At the opening ceremony on the evening of August 29, the chairman of the symposium, Dr. Gao Yang from the CAS/CSU,  gave an introduction to the symposium. Dr. Ralph Kahle from the German Space Operations Center (GSOC/DLR), a member of the ISSFD Committee, and Dr. Wang Weizong, Associate Dean of the School of Astronautics of Beihang University, delivered speeches in succession. Prof. Guo Yanping from Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory and Mr. Pier Luigi Righetti from the European Organization for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites (EUMETSAT) gave their keynote presentations successively. The opening ceremony was chaired by Prof. Xu Ming from Beihang University.

Keynote presentations
From August 30 to September 2, Dr. Yuichi Tsuda from Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, Researcher Shen Hongxin from the State Key Laboratory of Astronautic Dynamics, Senior Engineer Liu Lei from Beijing Aerospace Control Center, Prof. Dai Honghua from Northwestern Polytechnical University and Prof. Gong Shengping from Beihang University gave five keynote presentations. Meanwhile, 94 reports on different research topics such as orbital mechanics, formation flying, tracking and orbit determination were presented at three sub-forums. The participants had a full academic exchange through the online-offline conference platform built by this symposium.


Online-offline reports
The closing ceremony was held in the afternoon of September 2. The Co-chair of ISSFD Organizing Committee, Associate Professor Shi Peng of Beihang University, delivered a closing speech on behalf of the organizers, in which he gave a brief summary of the symposium and expressed his thanks to the organizing committee and staff, emphasizing the need to strengthen cooperation with the ISSFD committee to make the research on space flight dynamics go deeper, the exchange mechanism better, and the form of cooperation richer, so as to make greater contribution to the development of space science and technology.

The closing ceremony
The symposium focuses on the current frontiers in the field of space flight dynamics, brings the top international symposium to Chinese mainland, and effectively promotes academic exchanges between scholars at home and abroad. It has gained the attention and praise of experts and scholars from all over the world. As of press time, the live website of the symposium has been visited more than 30,000 times.

Group photo


Reported by Peng Lei
Reviewed by Liu Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:268
TITLE:Beijing Holds AsiaHaptics 2022
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3406.htm
TEXT:
Beijing Holds AsiaHaptics 2022
                

                    Release time：November 24, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


From November 12 to 14, the 4th AsiaHaptics Conference (AsiaHaptics2022) was held in Beijing Friendship Hotel. AsiaHaptics is an international conference for haptic fields featuring interactive presentations with demos. The conference this year is the first time held in China since its inception, aiming to present the latest research results in haptic fields at home and abroad and to provide haptic professionals with a platform for international exchanges
The conference was jointly hosted by Beihang University, Beijing Society of Image and Graphics, IEEE Technical Committee on Haptics, IEEE Computer Society, and Japanese Society of Virtual Reality, and organized by National Key Lab of Virtual Reality Technology and System and the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation of Beihang University. China Human-Computer Interaction Technical Committee and China Virtual Reality and Visualization Technical Committee Computer Federation also assisted in the organizing work.
In view of restrictions caused by COVID-19 on international academic exchange, the conference this year was held on multiple venues, including the main venue in Beijing and parallel sessions in China’s Nanjing, Japan’s Tokyo and Korea’s Daejeon. The main venue in Beijing provided live streaming to the world and was open to the online audience for free. Scholars in haptic fields from Tsinghua University, Peking University, Beihang University, Southeast University, Xiamen University, Dalian University of Technology, Institute of Software of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Zhejiang Lab and other universities and research institutes across China gathered at the main venue while experts, researchers, technicians and business representatives from Japan, Korea, the United States, Italy, Germany, Russia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Switzerland, Hong Kong SAR and other countries and regions participated in the conference both online and offline.

Photo of participants at the main venue in Beijing
At the opening ceremony, experts at home and abroad, including Zhao Qinping, academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and professor of Beihang University, Wang Yongtian, chairman of Beijing Society of Image and Graphics and professor of Beijing Institute of Technology, HirooIwata, founder of the AsiaHaptics and professor from the University of Tsukuba, and Prof. Dong-Soo Kwon from KAIST University, delivered speeches to extend their congratulations to the conference and recognition for the achievements of China in haptic fields.

The conference invited Prof. Wang Zhonglin, academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Prof. Hong Z. Tan, IEEE Fellow, and Prof. Domenico Prattichizzo from the University of Siena, Italy to give keynote reports. Prof. Wang mainly introduced triboelectric nanotechnology in the aspects of principle, key technology, and applications in specific fields. Prof. Hong Z. Tan shared his unique insight in designing a tactile symbol through a system for conveying textual information, providing a design standard and implementation methods for information transmitting on the skin. Prof. Domenico Prattichizzo discussed the challenges faced by wearable haptic technology and proposed an innovative solution for two new applications in the related field, illustrating a promising future for haptic technology in the era of the metaverse.

AsiaHaptics 2022 has set three sharing forums on emerging technologies, 14 academic and technical reports which focus on the integration of haptics and robotics and applications in metaverse and industries, with professors, researchers, and scholars from domestic and international universities, institutes, and enterprises making presentations to express their perspectives and introduce the research results.


As a highlight of AsiaHaptics, the conference showcased 39 cutting-edge haptic research projects in a variety of formats, including dynamic live demonstrations, paper poster presentations and flash presentations. It enables on-site participants to experience the haptic technology in person through equipment of various kinds, which illustrates the promising future for the application of haptic technology. This has promoted communication between developers and users and attracted many experts and participants to experience the virtual touch.

At the same time, in Nanjing, Tokyo, and Daejeon, participants from all over the world listened to presentations from the main venue and conducted online academic exchanges. Both parallel sessions in Tokyo and Daejeon have attracted more than 100 participants discussing and experiencing interactive displays.

Parallel session in Nanjing, China

Parallel session in Tokyo, Japan

Parallel session in Daejeon, Korea
A total of 46 papers and 77 presentations were submitted from China, Japan, Korea, Germany, Russia, UAE, and other countries. 17 papers and 39 presentations were finally accepted for the conference. The paper titled “Delta Finger: a 3-DoF wearable haptic display enabling high-fidelity force vector presentation at a user’s finger” was selected by the organizing committee and won the Best Paper Award. Three teams from Tsinghua University and other universities were nominated for the Best Paper Award. The team from Beihang University won the Best Presentation Award for their work “Social companionship and diagnosis system for children with autism: A VR system with force and temperature feedback”. Besides, five teams from Peking University and other universities were nominated for the Best Presentation Award (the full list of winners can be found on the conference website). At the closing ceremony, these awards were presented by the organizing committee members, Associate Professor Chen Lihan from Peking University and Associate Professor Liu Qian from Dalian University of Technology.

As the metaverse technology develops by leaps and bounds, AsiaHaptics 2022 attracted much attention from academia and industry in haptics, human-computer interaction, virtual reality, and robotics, with more than 10,000 viewers worldwide watching the conference live stream. The conference attracted sponsorship and participation in industrial demonstrations from relevant companies such as Huawei Terminal Co Ltd, Force Dimension from Switzerland, Estun Medical, REDJBIRD, Anthap, Unidraw Virtual Reality, Beijing Lianbozy Technology, Fistar Technology, and Noitom Technology to promote the in-depth transformation and application of academic achievements in haptic fields.



Reported by Wang Dangxiao
Reviewed by Zhang Zhigang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:269
TITLE:Vice-Rector Alex Aguilar of University of Barcelona Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2306.htm
TEXT:
Vice-Rector Alex Aguilar of University of Barcelona Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：June 28, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On June 27th, a delegation of nine people led by Prof. Alex Aguilar, Vice-Rector for Outreach and Internationalization of the University of Barcelona (UB) and Prof. Àngels Pelegrín Solé, representative for Asian affairs of the UB, visited Beihang University. Vice President Huang Haijun, together with representatives from the International Division, the School of Economics and Management, the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, the School of New Media Art and Design and the School of Chemistry, met with the guests at the conference center of New Main Building.

Huang Haijun extended his welcome to the delegation and briefed them on the history, teaching, scientific research and internationalization of Beihang University. Alex Aguilar expressed gratitude for the warm reception and introduced the development and the status quo of the UB in terms of scientific research, technology transfer and international cooperation. Following that, the two sides fully exchanged views and reached consensus on some issues such as establishing cooperative relations, jointly training students and carrying out joint scientific research.
During their stay, the delegates visited Beijing Air & Space Museum, and also held talks with various schools on future cooperation.

Located in Barcelona, the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia, the University of Barcelona is one of the oldest famous higher education institutions in Spain and a member of the Coimbra Group of European Ivy League. Currently, the university has 5,600 teachers and researchers and more than 60,000 students. It consists of 16 faculties, covering philosophy, psychology, geography and history, economic management, law, education, biology, medicine, physics, chemistry, mathematics, computer, and other fields. According to the latest QS World University Rankings, it is ranked 166th in the world and 1st in Spain.

Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Photographed by Shi Yaoxin
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:270
TITLE:Dr. Wang Jingyuan Receives Two Honors at Meeting to Commend COVID-19 Fight Role Models
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2154.htm
TEXT:
Dr. Wang Jingyuan Receives Two Honors at Meeting to Commend COVID-19 Fight Role Models
                

                    Release time：October 1, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


Beijing held a meeting to commend role models in the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic on the morning of September 29. At the meeting, Dr. Wang Jingyuan, Associate Professor of the School of Computer Science and Engineering, received the honorary titles of Beijing Model Individual in the COVID-19 Fight and Beijing Excellent CPC Member.
Altogether there were 1,001 individuals, 308 groups, 120 CPC members and 100 primary-level Party organizations commended at the meeting for their efforts to fight the epidemic.

Dr. Wang at the meeting
Since the COVID-19 epidemic broke out, the research team led by Dr. Wang has been working on the epidemic analysis and forecast studies based on big data. They have finished over 300 reports on this topic, in which continuous and precise epidemic forecasts were provided for 31 province-level administrative regions and 91 key cities in China as well as over 40 countries around the world. They have also conducted simulation studies of epidemic prevention and control policies regarding work and production resumption, lift of Wuhan lockdown, arrangements for the Qingming holiday, measures to deal with imported cases, etc. The decision support system developed by the team was included as part of the Internet Plus regulation platform run by the E-Government Office of the State Council.

In cooperation with the Beijing Center for Diseases Prevention and Control, Dr. Wang also applied big data to measure and calculate the key epidemiological parameters of the COVID-19 epidemic at the Xinfadi wholesale market in Beijing. His precise epidemic forecasts were important reference materials for the decision-making related to the Xinfadi epidemic prevention and control.
Dr. Wang is an expert consultant for the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the Beijing Center for Diseases Prevention and Control, etc. He has been a member of the international program of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Public Health England (PHE) and Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (Africa CDC), contributing to the international cooperation on the fight against COVID-19.
The significant contributions made by Dr. Wang and his team have been reported by CCTV, China Education Daily and Science and Education Daily.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:271
TITLE:Team of Prof. Tao Fei Published Comment in Nature
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2271.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Tao Fei Published Comment in Nature
                

                    Release time：October 8, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                



On Sept. 25, Nature published a comment of the Digital Twins Research Group from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering online, entitled “Make More Digital Twins” (Nature 2019, 573: 490-491). The team leader, Prof. Tao Fei is the first and corresponding author, and his doctoral student Qi Qinglin is the second author.


The first and corresponding author: Tao Fei, a professor and tutor for PhD students in the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Beihang University
The second author: Qi Qinglin, a PhD candidate in the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Beihang University
The first institute: School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Beihang University
With the proposal of manufacturing development strategy at the national level, such as “Industrial Internet” in US, “Industry 4.0” in German, “Manufacturer of quality” in China, smart manufacturing has become the common development trend and target in global manufacturing industry. As a main technology to solve the problem of combining cyber-physical system with smart manufacturing and to implement the idea as well as the goal of smart manufacturing, digital twins has been highly concerned and studied by academia, and has been widely introduced into more fields for applications by industry.
As one of the earliest digital twins teams, the Digital Twins Research Group led by Prof. Tao Fei, first put forward the concept of digital twinshop-floor (DTS) and published the first article about it (CIMS 2017, 23(1): 1-9). Meanwhile, the application of digital twins in manufacturing was jointly carried out by more than 20 universities and research institutes in China (CIMS 2018, 24 (1): 1-18). In addition, in order to realize the application of digital twins in industry, the research group of Beihang University has proposed the Digital Twins Five-dimension Model and explored its application, together with cooperative enterprises, in more than 10 aspects covering the satellite / space communication network, ships, vehicles, aircraft, power plants, manufacturing workshops, complex equipment, medical treatment, smart city and so on to meet the practical needs of enterprises (CIMS 2019, 25 (1): 1-18).
However, in the practical application of digital twins in manufacturing and other related fields, there are still a series of scientific problems and difficulties. For instance, some problems about the Digital Twins Five-dimension Model still exist (1) in the physical entity (PE) — how to realize smart perception and interconnection among multi-source heterogeneous physical entities, acquire real-time multi-dimension data of physical entity objects so as to deeply understand and discover relevant laws and phenomena, and then achieve reliable control and precise execution of physical entity; (2) in the virtual equipment model (VE) — how to construct dynamic multiple dimension, space and time high-fidelity model, how to ensure and verify the consistency / authenticity / validity / reliability between the model and the physical entity, and how to realize the assembly and integration of multi-source, multi-disciplinary and multi-dimension models; (3) in the DT data model (DD) — how to realize the real-time acquisition and efficient transmission of all-factor / all-business / all-process multi-source heterogeneous data, how to deeply integrate and comprehensively synthesize the cyber-physical data, and how to achieve precise mapping and real-time interaction between digital twins data and physical entity, virtual equipment and services; (4) in Connection model (CN) — how to achieve real-time interaction across protocols / interfaces / platforms, and how to realize iterative interaction and dynamic evolution among data, model, and application; (5) in Services model (Ss) — how to provide services based on multi-dimension model and twins data to meet the needs of different fields, different levels of users and different business applications, and to add value and efficiency in accordance with the service in need. Besides, there are other practical bottlenecks in how to achieve the collaboration of experts in different fields and disciplines, and how to realize the joint innovation of education, research, and industry. The comment studies and explains these related scientific problems and challenges.
In order to promote the development of digital twins technology and its application in manufacturing and other related fields, Beihang and 12 domestic universities jointly sponsored the First Academic Conference on Digital Twins and Smart Manufacturing Services in 2017, which has been successfully held for three consecutive sessions. Prof. Tao was invited to publish Digital Twin Driven Smart Manufacturing in Elsevier in 2018. In the past three years, he has been invited to make more than 30 reports on academic conferences related to digital twins held in countries such as the United States, Russia, Japan and the United Kingdom. His work, which has attracted wide attention from academia and industry at home and abroad, has been tracked and studied by over 100 universities and research institutes around the world, and has been applied by relevant enterprises.
The research of the Digital Twins Research Group from Beihang was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Nos. 51522501，51875030), Youth Talents Support Program of Beihang University, Beijing Municipal Science & Technology Commission (Z181100003118001), etc.


Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:272
TITLE:1st Beihang Undergraduate Online Academic Speech Contest Ends
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2174.htm
TEXT:
1st Beihang Undergraduate Online Academic Speech Contest Ends
                

                    Release time：July 6, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


The first Beihang Undergraduate Online Academic Speech Contest recently came to an end. The contest was hosted by China English for Academic Purposes Association (CEAPA), and its organizers were the teaching team of General Academic English under the University English Teaching Department and the Elite Class of Spoken English of the School of Foreign Languages.
With a theme of “enabling college students to use English to talk about interesting research”, this contest was the first of its kind to provide Beihang undergraduates with the campus atmosphere and culture of “Research Day”, attracting 160 competitors and receiving 46 entries in the form of academic speech videos. It both showed the caliber of Beihang undergraduates and a new direction in extracurricular activities for college students.
The contest embodied the guiding principles of the Ministry of Education and had multi-faceted significance. It developed integrated abilities in Beihang undergraduates from the aspects of academic performance, innovation, research, major and English. It also enhanced the development of first-class undergraduate courses and general academic English courses at Beihang and facilitated teaching and learning together. Enriching the life of Beihang undergraduates studying at home, the contest also provided materials for the Corpus of Beihang Undergraduate Academic English Big Data, which promoted the digitalization of foreign language courses and the collection of big data from these courses.

The online contest held on Tencent Meeting

The online contest held on Tencent Meeting
Different from traditional speeches, academic speeches emerge from the domestic popularization of academic English and general academic English education and teaching. The first national undergraduate academic speech contest in China was held in 2017.

A group photo of some competitors

Some entries of the contest


Reported by Sun Mei
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:273
TITLE:2018-2019 ShenYuan Medal Winners Announced
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2237.htm
TEXT:
2018-2019 ShenYuan Medal Winners Announced
                

                    Release time：December 10, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Recently, the annual ShenYuan Medal review meeting for undergraduate students was convened at the Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. 10 undergraduates were selected for this year’s recipients of the ShenYuan Medal award and 10 for ShenYuan Medal Nomination award by the ShenYuan Medal judges consisting of 35 teachers from relevant departments/schools and 46 students from 23 schools.

The 10 ShenYuan Medal winners are Chen Hetian from School of Materials Science and Engineering, Dong Tian from School of Electronic and Information Engineering, Yang Zexuan from School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, Ma Zhenya from School of Computer Science and Engineering, Xiao Zhengyi from School of Mathematical Sciences, Wei Haodong from School of Foreign Languages, Gao Yimeng from School of Astronautics, Chen Junliang from School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering, Lin Wei from School of Software, and Zhang Haokai from ShenYuan Honors College; the 10 ShenYuan Medal Nomination awards go to Pu Yifan from School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Chen Fangyu from School of Energy and Power Engineering, Chen Junyu from School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, Xie Xiaowen from School of Mathematical Sciences, He Cai from School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Wang Yao from School of Transportation Science and Engineering, Zhao Yuhan from School of Law, Zhang Xiaofeng from Sino-French Engineer School, Du Liang from School of New Media Art and Design, and Zhang Yanwen from School of Space and Environment.

At the review meeting, 25 candidates made presentations and answered the questions posed by judges at the stage, where they fully demonstrated their achievements and personal growth in the past four years from aspects of academic achievements, scientific research, social work experiences, voluntary services, awards and honors. The judges reviewed their comprehensive performances through materials submitted and on-site presentations.




The ShenYuan Medal award, the highest honor for Beihang undergraduate students, is set up to commemorate Mr. Shen Yuan, a pioneer and educator of the higher education of aeronautics and astronautics in China and one of the founders of Beijing Institute of Aeronautics (now known as Beihang University). The award goes to extraordinary students with a strong sense of national mission and social responsibility, setting examples to other students.




Reported by Sun Tianxu
Photographed by Tian Wenhao and Gao Runqi
Reviewed by Dong Zhuoning
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:274
TITLE:BUAA-BIT Global Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition Final held in Beijing
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2405.htm
TEXT:
BUAA-BIT Global Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition Final held in Beijing
                

                    Release time：December 20, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


On December 15, BUAA-BIT Global Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition Final commenced at BUAA Science Park. Li Junjie, member of the Standing Committee of the Haidian District Committee, Li Junfeng, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Bao Liying, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beijing Institute of Technology (BIT), Xia Wei, President of Beihang Entrepreneur Club, Beihang Investment Co., LTD. and Delux Techonology, attended the event and delivered speeches. Other attendees included government officials, cooperators, investors, media partners and so on. The final was witnessed by alumni of Beihang and BIT from around the world via live streaming. Lasting for two months, the competition attracted attention from more than 500,000 Beihang and BIT alumni.





Ten regional contests have been held in Heilongjiang, Hangzhou Greater Bay Area, Shanxi, Yunnan, Henan, Hebei, Sichuan, Guangdong-Hong Kong- Macao Greater Bay Area, Beijing and Hainan respectively with 1,376 innovative start-up projects presented since October when the competition kicked off. The jury of the final was composed of representatives from prestigious investment institutions such as AVIC Trust, Beijing JHF Investment, Fenghou Capital, Cretrend Capital, Essentials Capital, Huashu Capital, Stars Capital, Plug and Play, Aplus Labs and Sky9 Capital who expected to spot promising and lucrative projects at the scene.

During the two months of road shows and preliminary cooperation, the local governments gained comprehensive understanding of these innovative start-up projects and made efforts to introduce high-tech enterprise to the regions through talents recruitment and technical cooperation. Based on the success of the first BUAA-BIT Global Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition last year, the competition generated great publicity among universities this year while also catching wide attention of big enterprises like the Second Research Institute of China Aerospace Science & Industry Corporation (CASIC), Beijing Aerospace Changfeng Co., Ltd., and Tencent.
As one of the most significant innovative start-up competitions, the 2018 BUAA-BIT Global Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition has a larger scale, wider publicity, more partners and better services compared to the previous one, attracting innovative projects from universities and institutes like Imperial College London, University of Cambridge, Harvard University, Peking University, Beihang University, Beijing Institute of Technology, Renmin University of China, Xi’an Jiaotong University and the Second Research Institute of CASIC.
The project topics covered fields of Internet of Things (IoT) chip, artificial intelligence robotics, biological pharmacy, Internet and Big Data, military-civilian integration, new materials, automobile, aviation, unmanned aerial vehicle and so on. Millions of prizes were shared by 22 competitors who entered the final. Each competitor gave an 8-minute presentation in which they introduced advantages and highlights, business models and future strategic plans of their projects before entering to the 4-minute Q&A session where the jury raised questions or made comments on their projects. Projects titled “Software-Defined Advanced Anti-Clone SDD Controller” and “Dual-Use Highly Reliable Fiber-Optic Communication Chip” won the first prizes in the start-up group (groups of projects valued at less than 100 million yuan) and the developing group (groups of projects valued at more than 100 million yuan), respectively.

Featuring a large-scale and high-level brand, the competition was organized by Beihang University and BIT. Beihang Investment Co., LTD., which takes “developing core technology for China and supporting innovative enterprises that lead the future development of the nation” as its mission, makes full use of the competition as a platform to seek worthwhile high-tech innovative start-up projects. The competition effectively aggregates and shares the global cutting-edge technologies and links Beihang’s scientific and technological achievements with the world’s innovation resources.
 
Reported by Zhao Wei
Reviewed by Yu Min
Edited by Jia Aiping and Xiong Ting
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:275
TITLE:Beihang Aeromodelling Team Wins Four First Prizes in China Aeromodelling Design Challenge 2021
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3185.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Aeromodelling Team Wins Four First Prizes in China Aeromodelling Design Challenge 2021
                

                    Release time：November 3, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


From October 10 to 19, 2021, China Aeromodelling Design Challenge 2021 was held in Fuxin, Liaoning Province, attracting over 1,700 contestants from nearly 80 universities, including Northwestern Polytechnical University, Beijing Institute of Technology, Hebei University of Science and Technology, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, etc. After fierce competition, Beihang Aeromodelling Team made remarkable results and won four 1st prizes, one 2nd prize, one 3rd prize, as well as the 3rd and 5th places in group ranking in total.


The preparation of CADC 2021 began in the summer vacation. Despite various difficulties caused by the epidemic, Beihang Aeromodelling Team actively promoted the design and production work, and continuously optimized and improved the launch system, production process, power system and other aspects of the aircraft.


Founded in 1952, Beihang Aeromodelling Team has developed a complete mechanism that covers talent selection and cultivation, competition preparation and conversion of research achievements over the past 69 years. It has always adhered to education through practice, providing an important platform for the development of innovative talents. Members from the team have made spectacular achievements in the Challenge Cup, Internetplus Competition and China College Students’ Entrepreneurship Competition.

Known as an aerospace model innovation competition with the highest level and largest scale in China, China Aeromodelling Design Challenge (CADC) integrates design, production and flight competitions. It aims to cultivate students’ ability of design innovation in such aspects as aerodynamics, structure, control, and their practical ability to solve problems, expand their ability of scientific and technological innovation, and provide reserve forces for the aviation industry and national defense.


Reported by Wang Funan
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping and Zang Mingming
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:276
TITLE:Openning Ceremony and Orientation for 2019 Undergraduate Freshmen Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2283.htm
TEXT:
Openning Ceremony and Orientation for 2019 Undergraduate Freshmen Held
                

                    Release time：September 9, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On the morning of Sept. 6, the Openning Ceremony and Orientation for 2019 Undergraduate Freshmen was held at the multi-purpose gymnasium of the Shahe campus. Cao Shumin, Party Committee Secretary of Beihang, Xu Huibin, President of Beihang, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun and Wang Yunpeng and many other leaders were presentat the event. The ceremony was presided over by Zhao Gang, Vice Party Committee Secretary of Beihang.

The openning ceremony
On behalf of all the faculty members and students of Beihang, President Xu warmly welcomed 3,800 undergraduate freshmen. In his speech, he shared his understanding of what it is like to be a member of Beihang University and expressed his expectations for the freshmen.
He hoped that his words can help students get a more rational outline of their new life in Beihang. He expected that each student can be keen to explore attentively and reach their own understanding through reflections and practice.

President Xu Huibin addressed the ceremony
Fu Yifan, a representative of the freshmen from Shijia college spoke at the ceremony. He expressed his yearning for the college life and promised to chase his space dream with determination.
On behalf of Beihang students, He Cai from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering made a speech, in which he shared his experience of donating hematopietic stem cells. His story reflects the spirit of great love inherited by generations of Beihang students.
Wang Yongqing addressed the audience as the representative of Beihang alumni. Being the general designer of the AVIC Shenyang Aircraft Design & Research Institute as well as a graduate of the Class of 1982 majoring at Flight Vehicle Design, he used his own learning experience to encourage the freshmen to be the general designers of their own life.
Prof. Chen Qiang from the School of Physics spoke at the ceremony in the name of Beihang faculty members. He hoped that the students could hold lofty aspiration, be broad-minded and bear great love in mind.

Representatives delivered their speeches respectively
At the end of the ceremony, leaders awarded certificates of appointment to the university counselors who are in charge of the freshmen. Freshmen representatives received school badges from Cao Shumin.

Freshmen received school badges from Cao Shumin

Certificates of appointment awarded to the 2019 freshman counselors
The event concluded with all the participators singing the song Wo He Wo De Zu Guo (My Matherland and Me) in chorus.

At the ceremony


Reported and edited by Song Chao
Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao and Tian wenhao
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:277
TITLE:Classic Broadway Musical “Seussical” Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2320.htm
TEXT:
Classic Broadway Musical “Seussical” Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：June 5, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the evening of June 1st, Seussical, a classic Broadway musical for children, was put on stage at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. With their superb acting and vivid language, the actors provided a colorful audio-visual feast for the audience.


Seussical follows the story of Horton the Elephant, discovers a speck of dust that houses an entire community of “Whos” and decided to protect them from danger; Jojo, a Who-child who “doesn’t Think normal Thinks”, struggles to find his place in the tiny “Whos” society; The bluebird Gertrude McFuzz tries to catch the attention of the kind and compassionate Horton; Wickshams, the monkey brothers, are troublemakers who always play tricks on Horton. Through mishaps and adventures, the story ends with these unique characters together overcoming the hardship, bringing peace to the planet of “Whos”, and learning important lessons of companionship and compassion.


Staged on International Children's Day, the musical, with its gorgeous stage effect and the actors' rich body language and humorous lines, aroused the screams and applause of the children at the scene. The show broadens the children's vision and inspires them to enjoy the joy brought by the play.



Dr. Seuss (born on March 2, 1904) is a preeminent American author of children's literature and educator of the 20th century. The 48 kinds of wonderful educational picture books created in his lifetime have become well-known early education works in the west, and 250 million copies have already been sold worldwide. He has won various awards including a special Pulitzer Prize “for his special contribution over nearly half a century to the education and enjoyment of America’s children and their parents”, one Caldecott Honor Award, two Oscar Awards, two Emmy Awards, etc. Many of his literary works have also been adapted for the television and as feature-length films, like How the Grinch Stole Christmas, Horton Hears a Who, The Lorax, and The Cat in the Hat.

Reported by Song Chao
Edited by Song Chao and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:278
TITLE:Beihang Signs Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Peking Union Medical College
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3524.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Peking Union Medical College
                

                    Release time：May 22, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On May 18, Beihang University and Peking Union Medical College signed a strategic cooperation agreement at Ruxin Conference Center.

Academician Wang Chen, President of Peking Union Medical College and Vice President of Chinese Academy of Engineering; Vice President Li Qing; Deputy Secretary of Party Committee Zhang Qin; Cai Jun, Vice President of Fuwai Hospital of Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences; Wang Jing, Party Secretary of Institute of Basic Medicinal Sciences; Wang Ke, Party Secretary of Institute of Materia Medica; Zhong Mei, Director of Education Department of Cancer Hospital; Zhao Changlu, Party Secretary of Beihang University; Academician Wang Yunpeng, President of Beihang University; Deputy Party Secretary Cheng Bo and Vice President Lyu Weifeng attended the ceremony.
Zhao Changlu and Wang Yunpeng extended a warm welcome to the delegation and expressed their heartfelt thanks to Peking Union Medical College and its affiliated hospitals for their long-term care and support for Beihang University. Wang Yunpeng presided over the signing ceremony. He introduced the basic situation of Beihang University in talent cultivation, discipline construction, scientific and technological innovation, teaching staff and medical discipline development. He said that Peking Union Medical College is the top medical research institution and the top medical education institution in China, producing a large number of talents and fruitful achievements, and has made important contributions to the establishment and development of China's modern scientific and medical system. The cooperation between Beihang University and Peking Union Medical College has been going on for a long time. Both sides have distinct characteristics and advantages, and have broad prospects for cooperation in the construction of medicine-engineering disciplines, high-end medical equipment, and high-level medical talent cultivation. It is hoped that both sides will take the signing of the agreement as an opportunity to further deepen all-round cooperation in education, science and technology, and human resources, accelerate major innovation in the medical field for people's lives and health, help train top-notch innovative medical talents, and make greater contribution to the comprehensive implementation of the Healthy China initiative. Efforts will be made to transform the results of thematic education into high-quality development of the university.

Wang Chen expressed his heartfelt thanks to Beihang University and praised its outstanding contributions in the fields ofaeronautics and astronautics. He pointed out that medical science is based on multiple sciences, integrating the great achievements of human knowledge, technology, art and academia. Modern medical science takes the health of humanity as the ultimate goal and embodies all the advanced scientific achievements and technologies. Medical education determines the future of medical health. It is hoped that the two sides will take this opportunity to further integrate their superior resources in talent cultivation and scientific research, establish a "Union Medical class" based on Beihang University’s medical-engineering disciplines, jointly explore the internal law of interdisciplinary talent cultivation, and jointly carry out research on education and teaching reform. The two sides will enroll those who have a real passion for the medical cause, train them into top-notch medical talents with multi-disciplinary background, and help them become "master doctors" after graduation, making new contributions to the development of Chinese medicine and medical-engineering disciplines as well as medical innovation.

Wang Chen and Wang Yunpeng signed the agreement on behalf of Peking Union Medical College and Beihang University respectively. Li Qing, Zhang Qin, Cai Jun, Wang Jing, Wang Ke, Zhong Mei, Zhao Changlu, Cheng Bo, Lyu Weifeng, President Assistant Zhang Yaotian and Zhao Weisheng, and Fan Yubo, Dean of School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering and School of Medical Science and Engineering witnessed the signing.


Reported by Wang Qing and Shi Yue
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lu Meili
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:279
TITLE:First Doctoral Dissertation Defense Convened Online
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2204.htm
TEXT:
First Doctoral Dissertation Defense Convened Online
                

                    Release time：March 18, 2020 / Ren Chenjie
                


On March 14 at 10:00 am, Prof. Cao Xianbin, Dean of the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, officially kicked off the doctoral dissertation defense as the chairman of the defense committee at the New Main Building of Xueyuan Road Campus of Beihang University. The other four participating specialists are Prof. Wang Jianqiang from Tsinghua University, Prof. Li Jinglin from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Prof. Wang Jian from Beijing Jiaotong University and Prof. Yu Bin from Beihang University.


At this critical juncture in the prevention and control of COVID-19, the Graduate School of Beihang University resolutely implements the work plans arranged by the Party Central Committee, the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Beijing Municipal Government and the Party committee of Beihang University, giving priority to teachers and students’ life and health and making all-out efforts to guarantee the regular educational activities for graduate students. At the beginning of  February, the Graduate School designed pre-arranged planning for the online education to minimize disruption to teaching and learning, and the Office of Academic Degree initiated the relative work of online video postgraduate dissertation defense at the same time.
After being approved by the council of the Graduate School, the online dissertation defense plan, based on the advice of related schools, was officially published on the website of the Graduate School on March 7.
On March 11, a practice defense jointly participated by defenders, defense secretaries, representatives of various schools and staff members of the Office of Academic Degree was rehearsed to ensure the quality and effect of the following official defense.
Conducted in an orderly manner, the online defense is a brand new experience for specialists and students at Beihang University. Breaking through the limitation of space, the defender and five defense committee members  realized the “zero distance” communication on video meeting platforms. The dissertation defense was conducted on “TenCent Meeting” platform and the related secret ballot was achieved by “SO JUMP”, an online questionnaire platform.



“I was really excited at the moment when I was officially informed that I have passed the defense. The successful practice well reflects the painstaking efforts of my two mentors, the hard work of staff members, as well as the humanistic care and targeted measures of Beihang University. This special “cloud” defense leaves a profound impression on me, and I have deeply realized the high cohesion and steady working style of Beihangers who are always ready to shoulder their responsibilities,” said Zhou Jianshan, who has studied at Beihang for ten consecutive years to pursue his Bachelor's, Master's and Doctor's degrees.
 
Reported by Zhou Jinglin, Song Cong and Li Yan
Photographed by Ren Yilong and Chen Qianfang
Reviewed by Xiao Zhisong and Tian Daxin
Edited by Jia Aiping and Ren Chenjie
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:280
TITLE:School of Materials Science and Engineering Launches Special Issue of Materials Lab for the 70th Anniversary of BUAA
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3354.htm
TEXT:
School of Materials Science and Engineering Launches Special Issue of Materials Lab for the 70th Anniversary of BUAA
                

                    Release time：August 26, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


The School of Materials Science and Engineering (MSE) of Beihang University has launched a special issue of Materials Lab to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Beihang. The special issue has invited Zhao Lidong, Shui Jianglan, Gong Yongji, and other 12 professors and associate professors from the School of MSE to contribute to the articles, including one editorial and 16 opinion pieces, which cover the state-of-the-art research in materials science, such as energy materials, metallic materials, magnetic materials, computational materials, and advanced functional materials.

Materials Lab is an open-access journal published by Lab Academic Press, focusing on publishing cutting-edge scientific and technological achievements in materials science and engineering. The journal involves interdisciplinary research spanning physics, chemistry and energy, such as materials synthesis, microstructure, mechanical properties, special functions (sound, light, electricity, heat, magnetism), and computational simulation.
As one of the earliest schools at Beihang, the School of MSE was founded in 1954, formerly known as the Department of Aeronautical Metallurgy, and was renamed the current title in 2001. The general development goal of the discipline is “Keeping the characteristics of Aerospace and Aeronautics, meeting the national strategic demands, leading the frontier of the discipline, and building up a world first-class discipline”. The School of MSE has been dedicated to innovating and exploring in academic research, especially in aerospace materials, for more than six decades. It has received national awards of various kinds for serving the country’s strategic needs in science and technology and making key progress in materials research. 
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of Beihang University, the School of MES launches the special issue as a summary of the latest development in materials science and a salute to the university. In the future, the School of MSE will continue to adhere to the core goal of meeting the major national needs, gaining a forefront in the world’s materials science and technology, and realizing the country's self-reliance and self-improvement in science and technology.


Reported by Wang Xiaoning
Reviewed by Guo Hongbo
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:281
TITLE:Inauguration Ceremony of Zhongfa Aviation Institute of Beihang University and Opening Ceremony for 2023 Undergraduates Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3599.htm
TEXT:
Inauguration Ceremony of Zhongfa Aviation Institute of Beihang University and Opening Ceremony for 2023 Undergraduates Held
                

                    Release time：September 19, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On the morning of September 15, 2023, the inauguration ceremony of Zhongfa Aviation Institute of Beihang University (ZFAI) and the opening ceremony for 2023 undergraduates were held in the International Campus in Hangzhou, marking another important step for Beihang in the journey of building high-level Chinese-foreign cooperative education mechanism. Relevant authorities from both China and France attended the event.



Wang Jian, Counselor of the European Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, expressed his warm congratulations on the opening of the institute, and hoped that ZFAI would take this ceremony as a new starting point to make more contributions to Sino-French aviation cooperation and talent cultivation.

Tao Hongjian, First Class Inspector of the Department of International Cooperation and Exchange of the Ministry of Education of China, pointed out in his speech that ZFAI is of positive influence in cultivating internationalized engineers in short supply in the field of civil aviation, and in promoting humanistic exchanges and cooperation between China and France.

Zhu Xiumei, Deputy Director of Personnel and Education Department of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China indicated that the powerful alliance between Beihang and École Nationale de l'Aviation Civile (ENAC) is of great significance in exploring a new paradigm of engineer education and cultivating high-level international talents.

Joan Valadou, Consul General of the Consulate General of France in Shanghai, welcomed the new students and greeted the French teachers. He said that the prospect of Sino-French relationship is bright and broad, and that students in ZFAI will receive excellent aviation engineering education and also get access to French language and culture, becoming an important force in future Sino-French cooperation.

Shu Peidong, Deputy Director of the Department of Education of Zhejiang Province, expressed his hope that the institute will create a new benchmark for Sino-French educational cooperation, build a high-level talent pool, and innovate a high-standard scientific research platform.

Xu Weihua, Vice Mayor of Hangzhou, provincial capital of Zhejiang province, pointed out that with the joint efforts of China and France, ZFAI will become an important source of talents in the field of aviation not only for the city of Hangzhou, but for China and France, and even for the whole world.

At the ceremony, Beihang President Wang Yunpeng, together with other leaders and guests, inaugurated ZFAI.

Afterwards, President Wang Yunpeng and Olivier Chansou, President of ENAC, jointly presented awards to the representatives of new students who won the first Presidential Scholarship.


Representatives of the first batch of university-enterprise partners, namely COMAC, China Southern Airlines, Changlong Airlines and Heron Business Aviation, together with Zhao Weisheng, Assistant to the President of Beihang, and Sun Qingfeng, Secretary of the Party Committee of ZFAI, launched the University-Enterprise Collaboration Partnership Program.

In his speech, Wang Yunpeng, on behalf of Zhao Changlu, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang and all the teachers and students of the university, extended his heartfelt congratulations to the freshmen of ZFAI and warmly welcomed the guests and friends from China and France who attended the opening ceremony.

Wang Yunpeng pointed out that over the past five years, China and France have been working hand in hand, steadily promoting the new mechanism of internationalized education cooperation. As the students will kick off their new journey here at ZFAI, he condensed his expectations to the newcomers in three words: ambition, courage and action.

In the future, with the construction of ZFAI as a link, Beihang and ENAC will deepen cooperation in an all-around manner and contribute more wisdom and strength to the reform of the international engineer education training mode.


Reported by Shi Yue
Photographed by Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lu Meili
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:282
TITLE:Beihang Students Crowned Champion in 23rd “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” National English Debating Competition, North China Regionals
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3063.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Crowned Champion in 23rd “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” National English Debating Competition, North China Regionals
                

                    Release time：April 25, 2021 / Zheng Quan
                


Recently, the 23rd “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” National English Debating Competition, North China Regional Finals was held online. Led by Sun Mei, a teacher from the School of Foreign Languages, the team from Beihang University composed of two students, Yao Haotian and Xiang Zhaoxuan, delivered great performances in the five preliminary rounds and won the championship in the regional finals.
The topic of the debating competition is “Fictional structure of Chinese traditional cultural IPs should be predominantly emphasized characters’ own agency and autonomy”. It aims to test candidates' deep understandings of the Chinese traditional culture and help students to explore how it may thrive in the modern times. Facing with such a cultural debate, the two debaters in science and engineering majors did not show any weakness. With their rich knowledge reserves, in-depth thinking and exquisite debating skills, they impressed the judges and won the championship finally.

The Beihang team, together with the teams from Peking University, China Foreign Affairs University and Beijing Language and Culture University, was qualified for the national finals to be held in June.
Yao Haotian and Xiang Zhaoxuan are both students in Beihang's Elite English class. Yao Haotian is the president and Xiang Zhaoxuan is also the backbone of the Beihang English Debating Society. They have achieved good results in debate competitions at home and abroad for many times (including the championship in 2020 North East Asia Debate Championship, EFL Group). They also organized the 2020 and 2021 Beihang International Online Debating Championship (BIODC), making their own contributions to the inheritance and promotion of English debating.
In June, Yao Haotian and Xiang Zhaoxuan will represent Beihang University to race for the final championship of the National English Debating Competition. They will also team up to compete in the online World Universities Debating Competition (WUDC) later this year. In addition, as the instructor, Xiang Zhaoxuan will lead the new generation of Beihang debaters to participate in the first China Universities Debating Championship (CUDC) held by China Foreign Languages Publishing Administration.


Reported by Xu Guohong
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:283
TITLE:4th “Beijing Geometry Day” Colloquium Held 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3044.htm
TEXT:
4th “Beijing Geometry Day” Colloquium Held
                

                    Release time：April 16, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On April 10, the 4th "Beijing Geometry Day" Colloquium, co-organized by Peking University, Tsinghua University, Beijing Normal University, Capital Normal University and Beihang University, was held in the Second Conference Hall of New Main Building.
More than 90 experts and scholars from universities and research institutes, including Peking University, Tsinghua University, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing Normal University, Capital Normal University, Renmin University of China, Beijing Institute of Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Nankai University, Beihang University, etc., attended the colloquium. Academician Tian Gang from Peking University and Academician Fang Fuquan from Capital Normal University were present at the colloquium.
During the colloquium, Han Deren, Dean of the School of Mathematical Sciences, Academician Tian Gang and Academician Fang Fuquan delivered their speeches respectively. Five young scholars, including Prof. Ge Huabin from Renmin University of China, Dr. Li Fagui from Beijing Normal University, Prof. Su Yang from Chinese Academy of Sciences, Dr. Xu Botong from Tsinghua University and Dr. Zhang Kewei from Peking University, reported the latest achievements in academic frontier research. These presentations are closely related to the research directions of the members of the geometry team from the School of Mathematical Sciences.

The colloquium provided a great platform for experts in geometry to communicate and cooperate with each other, and promoted the close connection between Beihang geometry team members and the peer experts. Meanwhile, as an upgraded version of Beihang geometry team’s weekly seminar, it strengthened the building of the team and enhanced the development of geometry.


Reported by Zhang Shijin
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:284
TITLE:New Research Findings Published in PNAS
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2162.htm
TEXT:
New Research Findings Published in PNAS
                

                    Release time：September 3, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


The team of Prof. Guo Lin from the School of Chemistry and Prof. Liu Limin from the School of Physics published an article entitled “Achieving Delafossite Analog by in-situ Electrochemical Self-Reconstruction as An Oxygen-evolving Catalyst” in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America(PNAS) on August 27, reporting the synthesis and electrocatalytic properties of delafossite analog.

The design and preparation of highly efficient oxygen evolution reaction (OER) electro-catalyst materials is one of the core points for breakthroughs in energy storage and transformation technologies such as fuel cells and electrolytic water. Layered material catalysts have garnered widespread attention because of their unique structural characteristics. The layered compound delafossite analog was discovered in 1873, but due to its poor conductivity and inherent activity, its application in the field of electrocatalysis was limited.
The research team combined the characteristics of two layered structures of delafossites and hydroxides, and designed and synthesized a new delafossite analog by intercalation of Ag into cobalt-iron oxide layers between Co/FeO6 octahedral layers under the guidance of theoretical simulation. Different from traditional delafossite analog, this new structure has a unique electronic configuration that not only can modulate the electronic structure and improve electrical conductivity, but also shows superior OER activity, making it an ideal catalyst.
The team developed an in-situ electrochemical self-reconfiguration strategy to convertmetastable Ag nanoparticles attached on cobalt–iron hydr(oxy)oxide amorphous nanosheets (Ag/CoFe-AN) as precursors to amorphous delafossite analog active substances through voltage-induced ion dissolution and reprecipitation. Such delafossite analog shows excellent OER activity, featuring a current density of 10 mA⋅cm−2 at an overpotential of 187 mV and an excellent stability (300 h) in alkaline conditions.
A new method of structural design and modification to excavate traditional materials was proposed in this research, providing a new way for the design of new catalytic materials.

More information is available at:
https://www.pnas.org/content/early/2020/08/25/2009180117


Reported by Liu Naipeng
Reviewed by Li Hongjie
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:285
TITLE:64 Freshmen Attend 2019 HEED International Conference for Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2321.htm
TEXT:
64 Freshmen Attend 2019 HEED International Conference for Students
                

                    Release time：June 4, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On May 25, 64 freshmen under the leadership of teachers from the Division for Teaching English as a Second Language took part in the 2019 HEED International Conference for Students held at Beijing Institute of Technology.

The conference was co-sponsored by China English for Academic Purposes Association (CEAPA), China English for Academic Purposes Association (CEAPA) and ESP Committee of China Foreign Languages Education Association. It was co-organized by 16 universities in 16 cities, of which the main venue is Tongji University, and Beijing branch is Beijing Institute of Technology.
With the theme of “Sustainability & Innovation: HEED—Human, Environment, Economy and Development of Technology”, the conference also involved four sub-issues including “Human Existence and Sustainability”, “Environment and Sustainability & Innovation”, “Economic Development and Sustainability & Innovation”, and “Technology and Sustainability & Innovation”. English is the only working language of the conference.
Beihang Students submitted 63 English academic papers for this conference, among which 23 were selected as poster paper exhibition and 40 were presented at the sessions of the sub-issues. Feng Zixuan and Li Zhengrui from Shijia College of Beihang University were invited to deliver keynote speeches on their thesis, titled “Translation of Chinese Names: A Confusion to the World”. All the participants received their presentation certificates.


Since its inception in 2015, the International Conference for Students held every year in the third week of May. The conference invites undergraduate and postgraduate students around the country and enables them to write scientific research papers and communicate in English, so as to cultivate their ability to acquire professional knowledge in English and enhance their international communication ability and competitiveness, especially research ability and innovation ability. This year, over 7,000 students from more than 200 universities submitted their papers.

 
Written by Jiang Quanhong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei and Qian Duoxiu
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:286
TITLE:Evaluation of 30th “Fengru Cup” Science & Technology Competition Held Online
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2173.htm
TEXT:
Evaluation of 30th “Fengru Cup” Science & Technology Competition Held Online
                

                    Release time：July 9, 2020 / Zhao Yue
                


In view of the current situation of epidemic prevention and control, the evaluation of the 30th “Fengru Cup” Science & Technology Competition was held online.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the evaluation, a video conference organized by the Beihang Science and Technology Association was arranged on July 1, during which the evaluation rules and requirements were emphasized and the questions raised by evaluation experts were answered.

Divided into five categories: machinery and control, information technology, energy and chemicals, life science and mathematics, a total of 590 entries were received this year, among which 373 were shortlisted for re-evaluation.

After four days of defense and strict review from July 2 to 5, 90 entries were finally shortlisted for the first prize and 119 were selected as the winners of the third prize. The final results will be announced on the official website of the “Fengru Cup” Competition.


Reported and reviewed by Wang Xiaofeng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:287
TITLE:Beihang Professors Publish Article in Trends in Biotechnology, Reviewing Researches on Wearable Devices for Single Cell Sensing and Transfection
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2350.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professors Publish Article in Trends in Biotechnology, Reviewing Researches on Wearable Devices for Single Cell Sensing and Transfection
                

                    Release time：April 19, 2019 / Li Siying
                



Flexible wearable biochemical chips are widely applied to biological signals sensing of skin or organs, transdermal drug delivery, and gene transfection (Fig. 1). Nano chips, in particular, show more advantages in transfection efficiency, safety and dose controllability.

Fig. 1 Wearable single cell sensor and gene transfection chip
In the famous review journal Trends in Biotechology, an article was published recently reviewing the status quo of relevant researches on wearable biological chips for single cell sensing and gene transfection, and discussing the prospect of this topic in future studies. Professor Chang Lingqian of Beihang University is the first author; Professor Fan Yubo of Beihang University, Professor Yu Cunjiang of Huston University, and Professor Yang Ruiguo of University of Nebraska are corresponding authors.
The first part of the article summarizes the wearable devices for single cell sensing. Theoretically, whether a sensor can detect a single cell depends on its materials and the size of sensitive area. Sensors that can fulfill the job are reviewed in the paper in terms of their principle, device performance and functionality, the cell types that can be sensed, signal types, and so on (Fig. 2).

Fig. 2 Wearable sensors applicable to single cell sensing（a）signals detected from skin cells;（b）rGO/FeTCPs FET sensor applied to NO detection of single cell;（c）ECG electrode based on CNT/PDMS;（d）micro-fluidic chip for single cell sensing
In the second part, the paper focuses on the chip system for transdermal drug delivery and gene transfection. What differs the micro-nano chips from other transdemal systems is that it can deliver not only small molecules easy to be absorbed by dermis and epidermis cells, but also in vivo macro molecules. It is compared in the paper the advantages and disadvantages of two wearable gene transfection systems based on physical methods (Fig. 3), as well as their application ranges respectively.

Fig.3 In vivo gene transfection chips of single-cell accuracy
Finally, five questions are raised in prospect, which include: (1) how to design the sensitive membrane to realize single-cell accuracy; (2) how to ensure the effective touching of skin and the sensitive membrane when wearing; (3) how to miniaturize the delivery system to achieve single cell gene transfection；(4) how to achieve healing delivery and transfection in deep skin; (5) how to integrate the chip systemsto achieve multiple functions.
The research group of Professor Chang Lingqian has long devoted to research on single-cell gene transfection, micro-manipulation of cells, gene detection and treatment. 50 related articles have been published in internationally renowned journals indexed by SCI in the past five years.

Reported by Guo Meng
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:288
TITLE: Beihang Wins the Highest Honor at 10th Challenge Cup Competition for Capital University Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2322.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins the Highest Honor at 10th Challenge Cup Competition for Capital University Students
                

                    Release time：June 3, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


In the 10th Challenge Cup Capital University Students’ Extracurricular Science and Technology Works Competition, which ended on June 1st, Beihang students won five special prizes, seven first prizes, two second prizes and one third prize with 15 entries submitted.
With a total score of 1,090 points, they were also honored with the Capital Challenge Cup, the highest honor of the competition, and set a new record since the event was held.


Reported by Liu Yang
Reviewed by Xiao Hong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:289
TITLE:Beihang, UPM Hold Seminar on Bilateral Cooperation 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2256.htm
TEXT:
Beihang, UPM Hold Seminar on Bilateral Cooperation
                

                    Release time：November 5, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


 
A delegation of 15 people from the School of Industrial Engineering and the School of Computer Engineering of Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (UPM) led by Professor José-Miguel Atienza, Vice Rector for Academic Strategy and Internationalization, visited Beihang University on the morning of Oct. 30th. Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University met with the guests at the conference room of New Main Building, together with relevant leaders and professors from International Division, the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, the School of Space and Environment and the School of General Engineering.

Huang warmly welcomed Prof. Atienza and noted that the two universities have achieved fruitful results in talent cultivation and joint scientific research since the establishment of cooperation relationship in 2007. He expressed his willingness to further deepen the strategic partnership between the two universities in the future. Prof. Atienza thanked for the reception and expressed his hope to strengthen exchanges in scientific research, expand cooperation fields, and keep close personnel exchanges to further improve the all-round and in-depth cooperation.
Following that, professors of the two universities introduced the latest progress in the implementation of the joint master/doctor training program and the preparation for the artificial intelligence joint research center. Besides, they made in-depth discussion on how to further promote scientific research cooperation, and reached a number of cooperation consensus.
During the visit, the UPM delegation also held cooperation talks in group with representatives from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, the School of Space and Environment and the School of General Engineering.


Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (UPM), founded in 1971, ranks as the top technical university in Spain. It is also a member of Top Industrial Managers for Europe (T.I.M.E.), together with Beihang. Up to now, Beihang has sent 116 students to UPM and received 155 students.
In recent years, the two campus have vigorously promoted cooperation between teachers and fostered international research cooperation projects. The two universities signed International Research Seed Founding in 2018 to jointly build the "China-Spain Advanced Materials Joint Research Center" and the "Artificial Intelligence Joint Research Center". In July 2019, the green aviation fuel R & D Plan which was applied by Beihang University and UPM, the leading units in China and Europe, was approved by EU Horizon 2020, with a total project funding of 50 million yuan. With the support, the two sides will carry out in-depth scientific research cooperation in areas such as aviation alternative fuels.


Reported by Niu Miaozhuo and Fan Hang
Photographed by Zhang Boxue, Gao Ran and Chen Shuo
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:290
TITLE:Beihang Team Achieves Good Results in SIOMMS 2018
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2438.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Achieves Good Results in SIOMMS 2018
                

                    Release time：November 1, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


From October 24 to 26, the 4th Student International Olympiad on Mechanism and Machine Science (SIOMMS) was held in Lima, Peru. 13 teams representing 9 countries, including China, America, Spain,Peru, etc., participated in the competition.
Under the guidance of Prof. Guo Weidong and the lecturer Deng Huichao, the Beihang team, whose members include Hu Haoliang, Zhang Jiarui, Zhang Yixuan and Ji Yiming, won the second place in the team competition and the second and the third prizes in the individual competition. Among all theparticipants, the Beihang team nabbed the most medals.


After the competition, many other competitors congratulated the Beihang team on their accomplishments. They exchanged teaching and learning experiences with members of the Beihang team and fully recognized the achievements of mechanics teaching made by Chinese universities.


The reform of the course Theory of Machines and Mechanisms has been carried out in Beihang for decades. It helps the students develop a good theory framework and knowledge system, which is an important precondition for success in the competition. 


SIOMMS, organized by the International Federation for the Promotion of Mechanism and Machine Science (IFToMM), is an important international event held every two years.
  
Reported by Han Mingyue
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Cong Baoqiang
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:291
TITLE:Beihang University 2019 New Undergraduates Registration
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2286.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University 2019 New Undergraduates Registration
                

                    Release time：September 4, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On September 3, over 3,800 new undergraduate students from the Class of 2019 arrived on the beautiful campus of Beihang University to start the new chapter of their lives.

The on-site registration this year was held at both Xueyuanlu and Shahe campuses. Early in the morning, the freshmen excitedly arrived at the designated places successively. Each department, college and school set up their own booths there to provide guidance for these freshmen to finish their registration. With the help of volunteers and their elder classmates, the freshmen and their parents experienced the convenient registration process and felt the warm welcome of the university.

Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun and Huang Haijun, Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, and other leaders were present at the registration occasions to greet the freshmen, and also visited student dormitories and canteen. In the afternoon, freshmen’s parents meeting was held at the two campuses respectively.


Elaborate preparation has been done for the new undergraduates this year, including making the E-cards with RMB 100 yuan deposits in advance, carrying out all-round renovation in canteen, opening “Greening Channel” for students whose families are financially difficult, enabling face-scanning technology for registration, etc.



During the event, various activities were also held to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China at both campuses.
















On August 31, before the official registration, the freshman talent training camp which included various preparatory activities such as keynote speeches and debate competition to help the freshmen better adapt to the new life in Beihang was opened for 400 freshmen who registered voluntarily and were screened rigorously.
Beihang has enrolled 3,815 undergraduate students this year. Among them, 1,453 students were enrolled in the Experimental Class of Engineering (Aeronautics and Astronautics), 809 in the Experimental Class of Engineering (Informatics), 455 in the Experimental Class of Science, and 260 in the Experimental Class of Social Sciences.
 
 
Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Tian Wenhao, Wang Zhen, Lu Shujun, Yin Jiangxushan,
 Zhang Zhanyu, Ding Beining, Li Miao, Xu Chang and Jin Hui
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:292
TITLE:Beihang Team Achieves Brilliant Results in World Finals of ICPC 2019
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2352.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Achieves Brilliant Results in World Finals of ICPC 2019
                

                    Release time：April 17, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Recently, a Beihang team called Nonsense Time won the 21st place in the world by conquering the world's six most challenging problems in the World Finals of International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) 2019 held in the University of Porto, Portugal, after five hours of fierce competition.

In the Regionals of last year, ICPC pulled together more than 50,000 students from over 3,000 universities around the globe. Eventually, 135 universities, including such top universities as MIT, Stanford University, Harvard University, Princeton University, the University of Oxford, Moscow University, the University of Tokyo, Seoul National University, Tsinghua University and Peking University, qualified for the World Finals.
With excellent results achieved in the 2018 Asian regional contest, Beihang Nonsense Time team successfully advanced to the 2019 World Finals. The team is composed of three undergraduate students from the School of Computer Science and Engineering: Wu Junjie, Zhong Zihao and Deng Yixing, with Wang Min from the Office of Academic Affairs being the leader and Song You from the School of Software being the coach. Song You won the Outstanding Coach Award from ICPC organizing committee in this contest.


The 2019 ICPC World Finals was sponsored by Huawei Corporation who also organized the ICPC Challenge on April 2, in which Beihang team ranked the 12th in the world (the 2nd among domestic universities).
The ICPC is an annual algorithmic programming contest for college students, aimed at providing a platform to demonstrate students' innovative ability, the ability to challenge, team spirit, and problem-solving skills. Over 40 years of development, ICPC has evolved into the world's most influential programming competition.
The Beihang ICPC competition, hosted by the Office of Academic Affairs and organized by the School of Software, is open to undergraduate students who are interested in taking part in the programming contest and are mainly from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Mathematics and Systems Science, the School of Software, etc. With a glorious history and fine style, the team has a total of 6 years participating in the World Finals so far.

Reported by Wu Junjie
Reviewed by Song You
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:293
TITLE:AEDP Training Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2277.htm
TEXT:
AEDP Training Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 24, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Sponsored by the Education Working Committee of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee and organized by Beihang University, AEDP (Accelerated Experiential Dynamic Therapy) Training was held recently, and it was attended by nearly 70 Psychology teachers and counsellors from over 60 universities in Beijing.

Three experts including Ye Huan, a permanent member of the International Development Committee of AEDP Institute, David Mars, the developer of AEDP For Couples, and Karen Pando-Mars, a senior faculty member of AEDP Institute, were invited as lecturers for this training.
AEDP is a healing-oriented, brain-body experiential psychological counseling. It focuses on how to systematically activate the transmutation energies that are inherent, latent, and involved in the process of emotional change in counseling, with the goal of promoting a new healing experience of state transformation.
Diring the training, the three experts skillfully led the participants to complete the course learning of AEDP Immersion, and guided them to understand the key of AEDP such as core concepts in AEDP and methods of state transformation, as well as its specific skills when applied to college students. Rich learning styles such as video observation, group discussion, role play and personal experience were offered to enable the trained consultants to experience the application of AEDP in a supportive environment directly or from the perspective of visitors.


The five-day training provided a platform for Psychology teachers and counsellors to access to a new idea of psychological counseling, laying the foundation for applying this new model of psychotherapy in mental health education in their universities later.




Reported by Hu Mengxian
Reviewed by Ma Xiting
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:294
TITLE:Beihang - Segway-Ninebot Strategic Cooperation and Donation Signing Ceremony Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2398.htm
TEXT:
Beihang - Segway-Ninebot Strategic Cooperation and Donation Signing Ceremony Held
                

                    Release time：January 2, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On December 26, Beihang - Segway-Ninebot strategic cooperation and donation signing ceremony was held at the New Main Building of Beihang University. Beihang Vice Secretary Li Junfeng attended the ceremony, together with representatives from the Alumni and Development Office, Division of Graduate Affairs Management, Student Affairs, School of Electronic and Information Engineering, School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, and School of Transportation Science and Engineering. Song Xiaodong, Director of the Division of Graduate Affairs Management, hosted the ceremony.
Gao Lufeng, the founder and CEO of Segway-Ninebot, graduated from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation of Beihang University. As an alumnus of Beihang University, Gao has always been concerned about the development of Beihang University, especially in education, and has donated materials several times. At the signing ceremony, Gao said that the Beihang motto of "Integrate Virtue with Brilliance, Combine Knowledge with Practice" has always encouraged him to make sustained efforts in the fields of intelligent short transportation and robotics. Currently, his many colleagues are from Beihang, and he hopes to work with more graduates from Beihang in the future.
In his speech, Li Junfeng pointed out that Gao Lufeng, as an outstanding graduate of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, has made contributions to the school for many times, which is the exact manifestation of his deep feelings for his Alma Mater. He hoped that in the future, both sides will have more in-depth cooperation in talents training, scientific research and other aspects to jointly build Beihang into a world-class university.
Subsequently, representatives respectively from Beihang Education Foundation and Segway-Ninebot signed a donation agreement. Then, Li issued the donation certificate to the company. After the ceremony, the guests visited the Beihang Robot Team and highly affirmed its great development.

Signing ceremony

Li issued the certificate
The Segway-Ninebot Scholarship is awarded to undergraduates and postgraduates from four schools, namely the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, and the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, with an annual amount of 370,000 yuan.
 
Reported by Zhang Chengyang
Reviewed by Cong Baoqiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:295
TITLE:Beihang Hosts 66th Anniversary Carnival  — Memorable Years and Prosperous Future 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2445.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Hosts 66th Anniversary Carnival  — Memorable Years and Prosperous Future
                

                    Release time：October 25, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


The 66th Anniversary Carnival of Beihang University was held on Shahe Campus on October 20. It was hosted by the Department of Student Affairs and Youth League Committee, and organized by the Zhixing College. Sixty-six years of hard work has molded the glory and achievements of today, and this is a moment when Beihangers gathered together to celebrate the birthday of their university with excitement and joy.

The crossroads of student dormitories in Shahe Campus were taken over by the carnival atmosphere, which attracted a large number of students. They enjoyed a good time for fun games, delicate gifts and splendid performances.

At about 11:00 am, the tap dance regiment brought a brilliant performance and won tremendous applause, which marked the beginning of the activity. Vigor and enthusiasm can be felt in the hip-hop Worth It, and the moving melody indulged the audience as they listened to the music played by the guitar club. “Beihang University” was subtly contained in the name of performance—B with U. All the performers showed the vigorous spirit of Beihangers.
During the carnival, students actively participated in the activity named “Declare Our Love to Beihang” on Wechat. Those loving words were sent to the site and showed on the screen of the stage, which brought the celebration to a climax.

Besides, the organizer designed an activity named “Collection of Anniversary Seal: Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division are Forms of Love”. Students need to collect the seals after finishing some games prepared by different schools. If the requirements were satisfied, they could get special prizes.
Such activities enable students to gain an insight into the culture of every college, school and club, and constantly enhance their sense of identity and belonging to the culture of Beihang University.
 
Reported by Zhang Jingyi
Photographed by Shen Yanzhe,Sun Pengxuan, Tang Tuo, etc.
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:296
TITLE:First Device Capable of Electrical Switching of Topological AHE in Antiferromagnet Arrives 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2549.htm
TEXT:
First Device Capable of Electrical Switching of Topological AHE in Antiferromagnet Arrives
                

                    Release time：March 21, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


The first device that enables electrical switching of the topological anomalous Hall effect (AHE) in a non-collinear antiferromagnet was published online in Nature Electronics by the team of Prof. Liu Zhiqi from the School of Materials Science and Engineering on March 9.


Fig. 1  The paper published online in Nature Electronics
As the world is experiencing a data explosion, ferromagnets, an important traditional medium in magnetic information storage in the digital age, lead to increasingly higher energy consumption, most of which comes from the ineffective Joule heat caused by the electric current used to generate magnetic field. Besides, storage devices based on ferromagnets are susceptible to the interference of surrounding stray magnetic fields, leading to demagnetization and consequently the loss of data.
Recently, antiferromagnetic spintronics has become a cutting-edge research field. Not having macro magnetism, antiferromagnetic materials have been playing an accessory role of pinning the magnetization direction in the head part of magnetic storage devices for years. The greatest advantages of antiferromagnetic materials include effective resistance to the interference of stray magnetic fields and the high-frequency dynamic characteristic of intrinsic spin. Besides, theoretical studies find that the AHE, which was thought to be limited to ferromagnets, can also be observed in some non-collinear antiferromagnets because of their special symmetry and Bloch-band topological features.
  
Fig. 2  A diagram showing the AHE in some non-collinear antiferromagnets
The team led by Prof. Liu produced high-quality thin films of the cubic non-collinear antiferromagnet Mn3Pt epitaxially grown on ferroelectric BaTiO3 substrates (Fig. 3(a)), in which obvious AHE was observed at room temperature. Furthermore, they could switch the effect on and off by applying a small electric field to the BaTiO3 substrate (Figs. 3(c) and 3(d)). The field could lead to piezoelectric strain transferred to the Mn3Pt film and make the spin structure of Mn3Pt change between the collinear state and the non-collinear state. Such switching, especially in zero magnetic field, is very conducive to the application of antiferromagnets.


Fig. 3  (a) Crystal and room-temperature magnetic structure of cubic Mn3Pt. Grey atoms are Pt and blue atoms are Mn atoms. (b) The AHE of the Mn3Pt film at various temperatures measured with magnetic fields applied out of plane. (c) Schematic of a 20 nm Mn3Pt/BTO heterostructure with an electric field E applied perpendicular to the BTO substrate. (d) The AHE is switched on and off by the electric field.
The electrical field applied to the BaTiO3 substrate only produces a negligible electrical current in it because of its good insulation performance. Therefore, coding in this way can effectively avoid the generation of Joule heat and greatly lower the energy consumption in information storage. In that case, this method can find its application not only in daily life but also in harsh magnetic field conditions, such as the spacecraft designed to explore celestial bodies with strong magnetic field like Jupiter and neutron stars.
Under the invitation of Nature Electronics, Prof. Christoph Sürgers, a celebrated expert in antiferromagnetic spintronics from Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, wrote a feature article on this study for the News & Views column of the same issue.
Besides Prof. Liu, Beihang researchers in the team also included Prof. Jiang Chengbao, Associate Professor Wang Jingmin, Dr. Liu Jinghua and two graduates, Feng Zexin and Yan Han. Prof. J.M. D. Coey, an internationally well-known expert in magnetics, also provided guidance for the research. Prof. Chen Hua from Colorado State University and Prof. AllanH. MacDonald from the University of Texas at Austin carried out the theoretical work and provided good physical explanation of the experimental observation results.
The research received support from the National Natural Science Foundation of China and Beihang University under the Ten-Thousand Talents Program for top young talents.
Reported by Xiao Jie  
Edited by Shi Yue and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:297
TITLE:Flash Mob Event Held at Beihang to Mark 70th Anniversary of PRC Founding
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2275.htm
TEXT:
Flash Mob Event Held at Beihang to Mark 70th Anniversary of PRC Founding
                

                    Release time：September 27, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the noon of September 26, over 3,000 teachers and students gathered spontaneously and sang “My Motherland and Me” together at a flash mob event in Qiushi Square of Beihang University, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China.

The event kicked off with the melodious sound of violin filling up the square. Accompanied with the familiar melody, representatives of the Faculty Art Troupe and the Student Art Troupe sang the beautiful song loudly and passionately.



With more and more passing teachers and students gathering around, this half-an-hour event attracted over 5,000 participants in total. As the event continued to unfold with increasingly exhilarating singing, the participants became increasingly immersed in the experience and the flags in their hands turned into a “sea of red.”







The moving melody resounded throughout the campus, expressing each Beihanger’s infinite love and blessings to the motherland.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Yin Jiangxushan, Zhang Zhanyu and Tian Wenhao
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:298
TITLE:Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun Attends 5th Annual Conference of ASRTU and Sino-Russian Universities Presidents’ Forum
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3295.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun Attends 5th Annual Conference of ASRTU and Sino-Russian Universities Presidents’ Forum
                

                    Release time：June 13, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


From June 1st to 3rd, the 5th annual conference of Association of Sino-Russian Technical Universities (ASRTU) and Sino-Russian Universities Presidents’ Forum was held online. A total of 58 universities from Sino-Russian University League attended the conference, including Beihang University, Xi’an Jiaotong University, Harbin Institute of Technology, the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Tianjin University, Bauman Moscow State Technical University, Peter the Great Saint-Petersburg Polytechnic University, Far Eastern Federal University, etc. Besides, heads and representatives of foreign affairs and education departments of both China and Russia attended relevant activities.


Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, delivered a keynote speech entitled “Creating Opening-up Dynamic through Active Socio-Economic Commitment” at the forum. He stated that Beihang University has continued to coordinate the layout of the cooperation platform between universities and local government, and has built a cooperation carrier represented by new research institutions such as the “Beijing Advanced Innovation Center”. The extensive application of major infrastructure construction scenarios, such as the 2022 Winter Olympics, fully demonstrated that universities and local government jointly built a full-chain system that promoted the transfer and transformation of achievements, helped upgrade the industrial structure, and served local economic and social development.


He further pointed out that Beihang University has launched a number of high-quality teaching and scientific research flagship projects through the cooperation between universities and local government, and also international cooperation, especially Sino-Russian bilateral cooperation, the results of which effectively nurtured universities’ construction of core capacity. Beihang also warmly welcomed universities of ASRTU to share opportunities, jointly meet challenges, seek common development, and create opening-up dynamic and cooperation.
Founded in 2011, the Association of Sino-Russian Technical Universities (ASRTU) is an exchange platform in the field of higher education under the framework of the Russian-Chinese Commission on Humanitarian Cooperation and the Sub-Committee on Scientific and Technological Cooperation of the Sino-Russia Prime Ministers’ Regular Meeting Committee. As a founding member of the ASRTU, Beihang University continues to actively participate in the academic and cultural exchange activities of ASRTU, and has expanded and consolidated the cooperative relationship with many top Russian engineering universities through this platform.


Reported by Wang Lingpei
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:299
TITLE:Director of Swiss Space Office Renato Krpoun Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2472.htm
TEXT:
Director of Swiss Space Office Renato Krpoun Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 13, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of September 12th, a delegation of six people led by Renato Krpoun, Director of Swiss Space Office (SSO), and Jonas Thurig, Deputy Director of the Technology and Education Section of the Swiss Embassy in China, visited Beihang University. Beihang Vice President Tao Zhi met the guests at the conference center of New Main Building, accompanied by representatives from the International Division, School of Astronautics, School of Space and Environment, etc.


Vice President Tao welcomed the delegates and briefed the current developments of Beihang in the fields of talent cultivation, scientific research and global cooperation. Following that, leaders from the School of Astronautics and the School of Space and Environment respectively introduced the research progress and international cooperation in the construction of space science.
Director Krpoun thanked Beihang for the warm reception and illustrated the advances SSO had achieved in the fields of aerospace, earth sciences, and space and environment. He noted that SSO attaches great importance to developing its cooperative partnership with Beihang. He also hoped to continue to promote in-depth cooperation between China and Switzerland in personnel training, scientific research and other areas.
Later on, the two sides had an in-depth discussion and finally reached consensus on the next steps in carrying out the joint research projects and student exchange projects.


  
Reported by Qiu Zhichao and Niu Miaozhuo
Photographed by Song Chao and Jiang Yiling
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:300
TITLE:Beihang Drone Team Wins Second Place in 3rd Educational Drone Event
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2426.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Drone Team Wins Second Place in 3rd Educational Drone Event
                

                    Release time：November 21, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


In the 3rd Educational Drone Event, China held in Nanchang Hangkong University on November 16th-18th, Beihang drone team achieved excellent results. Beihang undergraduates Wang Binbin and Qu Jiali are the runner-up, and Wang Zhiyi and Li Siqi won the fourth place in the creative programming competition, respectively. Ma Tianrong, the guidance counselor of the team, won the Outstanding Counselor Award, and Beihang was honored with the Outstanding Organization Prize.


The Educational Drone Event, China, sponsored by Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics (CSAA) and co-organized by Goertek Robotics Co., Ltd., is a leading national competition in the field of educational drone. Launched in 2017 and held regularly by the science and technology organization of CSAA, Education Department and other related departments every year, the event aims at providing a platform for young people to demonstrate their skills, innovation and practical ability in the field of drone technology, inspiring their interest in scientific explorations, and stimulating their love for aerospace technology and their lofty aspirations for serving the country.


The Beihang drone team, founded in 2018 and jointly built by the Youth League Committee and the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, is a group providing training and guidance on AI drones for all students of the university, as well as cultivating backup talents for related competitions. It is the first time that the Beihang drone team participating in the off-campus competition since its inception.
  
Reported by Shi Cun
Reviewed by Wang Yandong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:301
TITLE:Asteroid 212795 Named After Beihang Vice President Fang Jiancheng
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2412.htm
TEXT:
Asteroid 212795 Named After Beihang Vice President Fang Jiancheng
                

                    Release time：December 13, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


The Naming Ceremony of Asteroid Fangjiancheng and a lecture about deep space exploration were held at the grand lecture hall of Ruxin Conference Center of Beihang University on the morning of December 5.


The naming ceremony
The co-organizers include the Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation, the Purple Mountain Observatory (PMO) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Beihang University. Nearly 300 attendees from the three institutions were present.
With the approval from the International Astronomical Union (IAU), the asteroid, discovered by PMO on October 9, 2007 and originally known as 212795, was named after Academician Fang Jiancheng, Member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Vice President of Beihang University and a leader in the field of inertial instrument and system. Born in 1965, he is a pioneer in the theory and practice of magnetic levitation actuator in China. At the ceremony, the IAU communique of the naming of Asteroid Fangjiancheng was read out by Mr. Duan Ruichun, Secretary General of the Selection Committee of the Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation.


Mr. Duan read out the IAU communique
Following Mr. Duan, Mr. Yang Ji, Director of PMO, congratulated Academician Fang and Beihang University on the event. He fully acknowledged the great contributions made by Academician Fang to science and technology and to China. Also from PMO, Mr. Zhao Haibin, Chief Scientist of the near earth object telescopic findergroup, introduced the discovery and orbit of Asteroid Fangjiancheng and looked ahead to the future research, exploration and application about it.


Mr. Yang delivered an address


Mr. Zhao gave a speech
Next, Academician Fang was presented with a disk recording the orbit of Asteroid Fangjiancheng, the naming certificate and a naming brass plate by Mr. Zhao, Mr. Yang and Ms. Zhu Lilan, Chair of the Trust Committee and Director of the Selection Committee of the Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation, respectively.
In his speech, Academician Fang expressed his excitement and gratitude for the Selection Committee of the Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation, State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defence, POM and Beihang. He compared the asteroid to a spinning gyroscope and reviewed the commitment made by three generations of Beihangers to the gyroscope industry in China. Looking forward, he was determined to carry on with the cause and stick to the path of independent innovation, aiming for greater advancement of China’s gyroscope technology.


Academician Fang addressed the audience
On behalf of Beihang, President Xu Huibin extended warm congratulations to Academician Fang and thanked the institutions involved. He reviewed the major contributions Beihang has made to the country since its inception, and referred to Academician Fang as an outstanding exemplar of Beihangers and considered Asteroid Fangjiancheng as an inspiration to researchers of Beihang University. According to him, Beihangers will forge ahead with the cause of independent innovation unremittingly and unyieldingly.


President Xu addressed at the ceremony
Ms. Zhu also congratulated Academician Fang and Beihang and spoke highly of his pioneering, fundamental and historic contributions. She recognized his efforts to transform honors into responsibility, motivation and duty after he received the Ho Leung Ho Lee Prize for Scientific and Technological Achievements in 2008, and expressed her expectation for his team to make further achievements in the course of building an innovative country. She also hoped that members of the scientific community would follow the example of Academician Fang to aim high and accomplish great tasks in this era of widespread innovation and entrepreneurship.


Ms. Zhu spoke at the ceremony
In 2014, 20 years after the founding of the Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation, an important memorandum of understanding was signed by PMO and the foundation to name asteroids discovered by PMO after the awardees of the Ho Leung Ho Lee Prize for Scientific and Technological Achievements, the highest prize of the foundation. 10 years after a candidate was awarded the prize (5 years if the candidate is a senior scientist), a return visit, an investigation and a hearing will take place to verify the candidate’s qualifications in morals and achievements. If the standards are met, the selection committee will recommend the candidate to PMO, which will submit the application for the naming of an asteroid to IAU.
After the naming ceremony, Mr. Zhang Rongqiao, Deputy Chief Designer of China's Lunar Exploration Project and Chief Designer of China’s first Mars exploration mission, delivered a lecture titled “Outlook and Challenges of Deep Space Exploration”. He introduced the history, significance, status quo, prospect and China’s goals of deep space exploration, and encouraged Beihangers to contribute their wisdom and efforts to the exploration of space.In the question and answer session, his detailed answers won warm applause from the audience.


Mr. Zhang gave a lecture 


President Xu presented Mr. Zhang with the certificate of honor for delivering a lecture as part of the Beihang Lecture Program, an effort to bring high-level lectures to Beihang students
  
Reported by Song Chao
Photographed by Di Bailu and Han Siyu
Reviewed by Yu Min
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:302
TITLE:AG600 Chief Designer Huang Lingcai Invited to Deliver Lecture at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3112.htm
TEXT:
AG600 Chief Designer Huang Lingcai Invited to Deliver Lecture at Beihang
                

                    Release time：June 9, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On May 31, Huang Lingcai, the chief designer of the AG600 Kunlong, was invited to give a lecture on challenges in the development and application of large amphibious aircrafts in the first lecture hall of New Main Building, which attracted nearly 300 teachers and students.

During the lecture, Huang reviewed the twists and turns in the development of marine aircrafts in the past century, illustrated the special role of amphibious aircrafts in aviation emergency rescue, such as forest fire fighting and maritime search and rescue, and shared his thoughts on the future development of amphibious aircraft based on his own experience in the design of AG600.

Following the lecture, Huang Lingcai had in-depth exchanges with some students, and presented the latest AG600 special stamp album to them. He encouraged the students to participate in the design and development of large aircrafts after graduation and devote themselves to serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics.
The lecture was for the course “Classic Aircraft Design Case Analysis”, one of the ideological and political "trilogy" of aircraft design courses under the national first-class course "Aircraft General Design" constructed by the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering. The course shows the efforts of aviation professionals in the design of China's indigenously-developed aircrafts through case analysis, aiming to cultivate students’ aviation knowledge and promote the training of aircraft design professionals with both integrity and ability.


Reported by Yang Muqing
Reviewed by Lin Guiping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:303
TITLE:Beihang Signs Joint Research Center Cooperation Agreement with UOW
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2444.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Joint Research Center Cooperation Agreement with UOW
                

                    Release time：October 25, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


On the afternoon of Oct. 19, a delegation of 5 people led by Chancellor of University of Wollongong (UOW), Paul Wellings visited Beihang University. President Xu Huibin and Vice President Huang Haijun met the delegation at New Main Building. They signed Beihang – UOW Second Phase Construction of Joint Research Center Cooperation Agreement. Related representatives from the International Division, the School of Materials Science and Engineering, the School of Mathematics and Systems Science, the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering and the School of Chemistry also attended the meeting. 


President Xu Huibin extended warm welcome to the delegation of UOW. He reviewed and affirmed the achievements in such aspects as talents cultivation and research center development since the two universities established the cooperation. He hoped to deepen the cooperation and strengthen the relationship between Beihang and UOW in the future. Then, Vice President Huang Haijun and Dean of the School of Chemistry Jiang Lei delivered their speeches on the recent development of Beihang and the Joint Research Center respectively.
Prof. Paul Wellings expressed his gratitude for the warm reception. He said UOW attached great importance to the cooperation with Beihang University, and hoped to deepen collaboration in other aspects such as Life Science and Medical Science. During the meeting, the two sides reached consensus on students exchange, joint cultivation of postgraduates and other issues.
Then, the representatives from Beihang University and UOW signed the new Joint Research Center Cooperation Agreement. Since the establishment of Joint Research Center in 2014, significant achievements have been made in frontier and interdisciplinary fields. More than 90 papers were published, among which 33 papers were published in journals with Impact Factor above 8. They have jointly cultivated 15 students, exchanged more than 60 scholars, and held seminars on bilateral cooperation in disciplines for 6 times. The center has become a model for interdisciplinary cooperation between China and Australia. 
According to the new agreement, the two sides will further strengthen their support to the Center, bring more disciplines into the construction of the Center, and encourage researchers to carry out more high-level international scientific research cooperation projects to apply for national joint laboratories.


Following the meeting, the delegation visited the Laboratory of Air Traffic Control and the Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems.
Founded in 1951, the University of Wollongong is an Australian public research university. Beihang University signed university-level cooperation agreement with UOW in 2013 and developed cooperation in student exchange and joint doctoral cultivation. In 2014, the two universities set up the Joint Research Center.
  
Reported by Cao Qizheng
Photographed by Cui Chaoyang
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:304
TITLE:3rd International MAINZ Summer School Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2479.htm
TEXT:
3rd International MAINZ Summer School Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 3, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, the 3rd international MAINZ Summer School New Directions in Spintronics Research was held at Beihang University. Co-organized by MAINZ Graduate School and Spintronics Interdisciplinary Center of Beihang University, it attracted 15 experts in spintronics and over 40 students from Germany, France, Japan, Singapore, Britain, China, etc.
The summer school was aimed at providing graduates and undergraduates with in-depth knowledge of spintronics, one of the hottest fields of modern condensed matter physics. Through lectures, visits to enterprises, discussions, poster presentations and extracurricular activities, the students fully perceived the differences between China and Germany in terms of academic research atmosphere and had an understanding of the status quo in this industry.
The curriculum of the summer school program consisted of four parts, including the session of spin transport chaired by Robert Reeve, the session of spininterface science chaired by Bertrand Dupé, the session of ultrafast spin dynamics chaired by Hans Christian Schneider, and the session of spin devices chaired by Andrii Chumak. These sessions demonstrated the developments and the cutting-edge research findings in the field of spintronics in a detailed and systematic way.


Apart from lectures, the program also served as a platform for cross-cultural communication and conversations. It offered a variety of cultural, scientific and technological activities, including visits to Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation (SMIC) and the Great Wall, German cooking lessons, etc. Exchanges on academic research took place and friendships were built among the students, who came from Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz (JGU), the University of Kaiserslautern, Nanyang Technological University, Beihang University, Tsinghua University, Beijing Normal University, Fudan University and so on. According to them, they not only obtained knowledge of spintronics but also appreciated the enthusiasm and charm of Beihangers.


The summer school enhanced the cooperation, exchanges and resource sharing between students and teachers at home and abroad. It broadened their academic vision and stimulated their creativity. Supported by MAINZ Graduate School and Spintronics Interdisciplinary Center of Beihang University, 40 students finished the courses and received certificatesof completion.


Spintronics Interdisciplinary Center of Beihang University attaches great importance to the development of international vision and the ability to conduct academic cooperation in students. It provides various opportunities of exchanges, such as double-degree joint cultivation programs for PhD students, short-term academic exchanges, summer schools and so on. It has been working with German institutions for long and established long-term academic cooperation relationship with world-leading teams in spintronics like JGU and the Technical University of Munich (TUM). A series of activities, such as joint cultivation, project cooperation, exchange visits and lectures, have taken place between the two sides. The success of the 3rd international MAINZ Summer School will promote the cooperation and development of Beihang in the field of spintronics.
  
Reported by Wang Xinran and Li Sai
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:305
TITLE:ENAC Director Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2563.htm
TEXT:
ENAC Director Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：January 15, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


A delegation led by Ecole Nationale de l’Aviation Civile (ENAC) Director Olivier Chansou visited Beihang University on the afternoon of January 10th.
Besides Mr. Chansou, the delegation also included Kirsty Tan, an international dean of ENAC, Yohann Mainguy, ENAC’s representative in China, and Liu Qihong, President of Zhejiang Loong Airlines Co., Ltd. They were warmly received by President Xu Huibin, Vice President Huang Haijun and representatives from the International Division, the School of Economics and Management, the Sino-French Engineer School, the Flight College and the School of Transportation Science and Engineering.


One day before the visit, the two universities, at the Great Hall of the People, signed a memorandum of cooperation in founding a top international aviation university that adopts new mechanisms, which was witnessed by Chinese President Xi Jinping and French President Emmanuel Macron. Located in Zhejiang, this new university is expected to cultivate excellent professionals in aviation for China and the world.
Following the signing of the memorandum, the visit on January 10th began with a meeting aimed to deepen the all-round cooperation between Beihang and ENAC in talent cultivation and scientific research and to exchange ideas about the future university that will be run jointly by the two sides.


After the meeting, the delegation paid visits to the National Key Laboratory of Communications, Navigation and Surveillance Systems for Air Traffic Management and the Beijing Air and Space Museum.
ENAC was founded in Paris in 1949 and moved to Toulouse in 1968. Its areas of expertise include air traffic management, civil aviation management, airport management, global navigation satellite system, pilot training, etc. As Europe’s leading university in the field of aviation, it has been providing the civil aviation industry of Europe with a great number of talents.
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Photos by Li Jichen
Edited by Kong Xiangming and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:306
TITLE:Beihang Students Win 1 Grand Prize, 5 First Prizes, and 4 Second Prizes in 6th National Cryptography Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3209.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win 1 Grand Prize, 5 First Prizes, and 4 Second Prizes in 6th National Cryptography Competition
                

                    Release time：December 2, 2021 / Li Yifan
                


From November 25 to 27, the finals of the 6th National Cryptography Competition was held at China Electric Power Research Institute, with a total of 121 teams from 55 universities and enterprises across China participating in the event. 10 teams from Beihang University won 1 Grand Prize, 5 First Prizes, and 4 Second Prizes after intense competition.

Among the winning entries, “A Fair Self-Statistics E-Voting System for Privacy Protection of Bills” from Beihang Univeristy won the Grand Prize and Li Huilin, as one of the winners who participated in the project, delivered a speech on behalf of all participants at the closing ceremony.

Aiming at heightening awareness of cryptography, popularizing cryptographic knowledge, enacting cryptographic technology, and discovering talents in cryptography, the National Cryptography Competition has been held for six consecutive sessions. It is currently the highest level and most influential cryptographic competition nationwide. The 6th National Cryptography Competition was hosted by the Chinese Association for Cryptologic Research (CACR) and organized by the China Electric Power Research Institute with the guidance of the State Cryptography Administration.



Reported by Guan Tianyu
Reviewed by Jiang Yanling
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:307
TITLE:Beihang Ai Exoskeleton Robots Make World Debut at Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3253.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Ai Exoskeleton Robots Make World Debut at Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games
                

                    Release time：March 3, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


On the afternoon of March 2, the ceremony of gathering of nine flames and the torch relay for the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games was held at the Temple of Heaven. Shao Haipeng, one of the nine representatives who lit the torch and also the one who has broken the world record for the robot walking marathon, walked onto the platform wearing an exoskeleton robot, which aroused widespread attention. This new generation of Ai exoskeleton robot Shao wore was developed by Beihang University and made its world debut that day.

Besides Shao Haipeng, there is another torchbearer with paraplegia, Yang Shuting, a young girl from Shaoyang City, Hunan Province, who also wore a skeletal rehabilitation robot. She will participate in the torch relay on March 4. With the help of these assisted exoskeleton devices, they realized their dream of standing and walking and carrying the torch.
These two devices, named “Daai Robot”, were developed by a team led by Shuai Mei, director of the exoskeleton laboratory of Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering and researcher of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Beihang University.
“Ai exoskeleton robots can sense how fast or slow a person walks, and realize the self-adaptation of robotic assistance and human behavior, including complex movements such as going up and down stairs or slopes,” introduced Shuai Mei. The Ai exoskeleton robots can enhance the residual strength of muscles and activate the potential of patients, thus making their bodies become better. “Through extensive contact with patients, evidence collection and clinical trials, precise control of the volume and weight of products, and non-stop research on new gait and new methods, we finally develop more series of safe and reliable robotic products.”
With the power of science and technology,  Daai Robots have created social value by helping and caring for people with disabilities, playing an exemplary role in promoting the development of China’s rehabilitation robot industry. By breaking through the technical bottlenecks, this series of exoskeletons have become a new means of treating paralysis, achieving technological innovation and benefiting the general public.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Song Ziyun
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:308
TITLE:First Industrial Talent Innovation and Development Forum Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3033.htm
TEXT:
First Industrial Talent Innovation and Development Forum Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 30, 2021 / Li Xueru
                


On March 23, the first industrial talent innovation and development forum and the conference of talent-demand prediction in key information industries was held at the Vision Conference Center in Beihang University.

Huang Haijun, vice president of Beihang University, delivered a keynote speech titled “Innovating the Cultivation Mode of Talents and Producing High-quality Talents with Special Features”. Based on the features and advantages of talent cultivation at Beihang University, he introduced its talent cultivation system, employment system, as well as the deep cooperation between the university and related industries. Upholding the belief of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics, Beihang University has formed a joint force to cultivate high-quality talents and a new system of collaborative education both inside and outside the university. At the same time, Beihang attaches great importance to the innovation of science and technology and has formed a multidimensional employment system, promoting the deep cooperation between the university and related enterprises.

In his remarks, Huang also pointed out that with the incoming disruptive transformations of science and technology in the aerospace field, our country is in urgent need of more exceptional talents who can lead the development of future technologies. Beihang University will put great importance on students’ core qualities and try its best to break the barriers between different majors, creating brand-new talent-cultivation modes.
Xu Kemin, chief economist with the Ministry of Industry and Information, attended the forum and delivered a speech. Li Xuelin, secretary of Party committee of the Talent Exchange Center of Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and director of the center, reported the great achievements of this year. Li Jianwei, director of the Institute of Public Administration and Human Resources at the Development Research Center of the State Council, Wu Degui, vice chairman of the Research Committee for Talents of PRC and formal vice-director of Chinese Academy of Personnel Sciences, and Ren Xueliang, general manager of the integrated ecological platform of production and education of COSMOPlate, also gave their keynote speeches at the conference. Chen Xin, deputy secretary of the Party committee of the Talent Exchange Center of Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, presided over the conference.
The forum was sponsored by the Talent Exchange Center of Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and organized by related subordinate units, associations in related industries and scientific research institutes. To guide talents and industries to achieve innovative development together, the forum releases predicting reports of talent-demands in key industries and is committed to establishing an interactive platform between entrepreneurs and universities.


Reported by Yuan Wenjing
Reviewed by Deng Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:309
TITLE:Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University Celebrates 10th Anniversary in Tokyo
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2428.htm
TEXT:
Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University Celebrates 10th Anniversary in Tokyo
                

                    Release time：November 16, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


On November 11, the Confucius Institute, co-established by Beihang University and Kogakuin University, celebrated its 10th anniversary in Tokyo, Japan.
Mitsunobu Sato, President of Kogakuin University and Director of Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University, reviewed the development of Confucius Institute in the past ten years. He said, “both Kogakuin University and Beihang University are famous for science and engineering. The Confucius Institute established by the two universities has its unique features. Since its establishment, the institute has successfully fulfilled the mission to popularize Chinese language and Chinese culture. In the future, the two universities will base on the their advantages, inherit the past and open the future. We will carry out deeper cooperation and exchanges in the fields of science and technology conducive to social development between China and Japan.”

Mitsunobu Sato, President of Kogakuin University and Director of Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University, delivered a speech
Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun expressed gratitude toward every president of Kogakuin University for their hard work in establishing the Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University. He noted that, as the first Confucius Institute founded by a university of science and engineering, the foundation has been consolidated after ten years’ development. In the future, the two universities would work together to lead the Confucius Institute to achieve a leap from quantity to quality.

Vice President Huang Haijun delivered a speech
Hu Zhiping, Minister of the Chinese Embassy in Japan, said that the Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University has made great achievements in promoting the dissemination of Chinese culture and friendly relations between the two countries. He hoped that the Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University could use its own advantages and features to build important bridges of educational exchanges and academic cooperation with other Confucius Institutes around the world.
Besides, Ma Jianfei, Deputy Director-General of Hanban and Deputy Chief Executive of Confucius Institute Headquarters, Liu Deyou, Former Chinese Vice-Culture Minister, and others sent their blessings to the institute by video.

On the previous day, November 10, the Council of Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University was held at Kogakuin University in Japan. Huang Haijun, Vice Director of Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University, Weng Jingnong, President of International School of Beihang University and Japanese representatives listened to the reports on the work and final accounts in 2017, work implementation in 2018, and working policy in 2019. Then they discussed the revisions of related rules.
Confucius Institute at Kogakuin University, founded in 2008, is the only Confucius Institute abroad established by Beihang University. Under the guidance of Confucius Institute Headquarters (Hanban), adhering to the concept of "co-construction, co-negotiation and sharing", the institute sets up rich Chinese courses, and launch colorful cultural activities and exchanges. It contributes to the promotion of exchanges between the two universities and enhancement of understanding as well as friendship between the two countries.
 
Reported by Zhu Mingmei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:310
TITLE:Team of Prof. Cheng Qunfeng Published Research Findings in Nature Communications
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2192.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Cheng Qunfeng Published Research Findings in Nature Communications
                

                    Release time：May 7, 2020 / Zhao Yue
                


On April 29, a reseach team led by Prof. Cheng Qunfeng from the School of Chemistry published their research results titled "Super-tough MXene-functionalized graphene sheets" in Nature Communications. Zhou Tianzhu, a PhD candidate, Prof. Wu Chao and Associate Research Fellow Wang Yanlei are the first authors. Prof. Cheng Qunfeng is the corresponding author.

Recently, MXenes, a new two-dimensional (2D) material and transition metal carbide, has been widely investigated since it was first reported in 2011, due to its high electrical conductivities, large specific surface areas, excellent electrochemical properties, and favorable strengths. However, the application of MXene nanosheets in flexible energy storage system is limited by their poor mechanical properties. For its weak interfacial interactions and low dispersity, traditional blending methods usually lead to the poor mechanical properties of MXene nanosheets. Though the polymer can be compounded with MXene to improve its mechanical properties, the electrical conductivity is difficult to be further improved. A key challenge is to engineer approaches to simultaneously improve the mechanical properties and electrical conductivities of rGO sheets for flexible mobile devices.
The research demonstrates MXene-functionalized and crosslinked graphene oxide (GO) platelets that were obtained through Ti–O-C covalent bonding. Synergistic interfacial interactions involving Ti–O-C covalent bonding and π-π bridging occurred in the MXene-functionalized graphene (MrGO-AD) sheet. The MrGO-AD sheet shows ultrahigh toughness (~42.7 MJ m−3) and a high failure strain of 12.0%. The tensile strength and electrical conductivity were also improved, reaching as high as ~699.1 MPa and ~1329.0 S cm−1. A supercapacitor based on our super-tough MXene-functionalized graphene sheets provides a combination of energy and power densities that are high for flexible supercapacitors.
In situ Raman spectroscopy and molecular dynamics simulations reveal that the super-high toughness of MXene-functionalized graphene sheets attributes to the synergistic interfacial interactions of Ti–O-C covalent bonding and π-π bridging interactions, and the sliding of stacked MXene nanosheets. Furthermore, wide-angle and small-angle X-ray scattering (WAXS and SAXS) show that the orientation of rGO platelets and that the compactness of MrGO-AD sheets is enhanced. Assembled flexible supercapacitors using the MrGO-AD sheet provide a volumetric energy density of ~13.0 mWh cm−3 and outstanding flexibility, with ~98% retention of capacitance after 17,000 bending cycles to 180°. In-series operation of MrGO-Ad supercapacitors can light an LED when in flat, bent or twisted states. Hence, MrGo-AD sheet provides a new research direction for the preparation of two-dimensional composite sheets with both mechanical and electrical properties.

a. Schematic model of MXene-GO platelets showing the formation of Ti–O-C covalent bonding. b-c. Azimuthal scan wide-angle X-ray scattering (WAXS) patterns (for a rotating anode X-ray source) showing the full width at half maximum (FWHM) of rGO (b) and MrGO-AD (c). d. Capacitance retention as a function of the bending extent of the supercapacitor (which is defined as the ratio of the end-to-end separation in the bent supercapacitor to this separation for the non-bent supercapacitor). e. Capacitance retention for supercapacitors based on rGO, rGO-AD, MrGO, and MrGO-AD sheets during up to 17,000 bending cycles to a bending extent of 25% (which corresponds to a 180° angle between supercapacitor ends). Scale bar, 2 cm (inset).
With the guidance of Prof. Jiang Lei, academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, this work was cooperated with Prof. Antoni P. Tomsia from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory,Researcher Li Mingzhu from the Institute of Chemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Prof. Eduardo Saiz from Imperial College London, and Prof. Fang Shaoli and Prof. Ray H. Baughman from the University of Texas at Dallas. The research was supported by the Excellent Young Scientist Foundation of the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC), the NSFC, Newton Advanced Fellowship, Beijing Natural Science Foundation, the 111 Project, the Thousand Talents Plan, etc.
For more information of the research:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-15991-6


Reported by Liu Naipeng
Reviewed by Liu Mingjie
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:311
TITLE:Beihang Student Awarded 13th Chinese College Student of the Year-Nomination Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2511.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Student Awarded 13th Chinese College Student of the Year-Nomination Award
                

                    Release time：July 2, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The results of the 13th Chinese College Student of the Year-Nomination Award were announced recently. You Ruquan, a PhD candidate from the School of Energy and Power Engineering of Beihang University, was honored with the Nomination Award.

In September 2013, You Ruquan, ranking the first in academic performance, was recommended for admission to Beihang University from Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics without requiring entrance examination. He was qualified to study for a doctor's degree in advance with his excellent academic performance and scientific research abilities the next year. During his postgraduate and doctoral study, You Ruquan, instructed by Prof. Tao Zhi and Prof. Li Haiwang, was mainly engaged in the research of advanced cooling technology of aero-engine turbine blades. He was awarded many scholarships and awards including ASME ITGI Scholarship, second prize of Innovation and Entrepreneurship Scholarship of Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Fund for Excellent Academic Doctors of Beihang University, American Society of Mechanical Engineers International Gas Turbine Institute ( ASMEIGTI) Scholarship (only 20 people worldwide can receive the award each year), etc. He applied for seven national invention patents, of which four items have been authorized. Besides, he obtained the authorization of two national practical new-type patents.
You Ruquan sets strict demands on himself in all respects, and he always puts priority on scientific research. After entering Beihang, he built the first test-bed together with his fellows in the laboratory for testing the rotating flow field of aero-engine high-pressure turbine blades. Focusing on basic research, this test-bed aims at providing experimental data and theoretical support for research of aero-engine in China.  
He has achieved a series of scientific research results after years of effort. He, for the first time, discovered the phenomenon of flow separation in the cooling channel of turbine blades in the rotation circumstances and the mechanism of internal heat transfer deterioration, and found reasons of partial ablation of high-pressure turbine blades, which provides theoretical support for the refinement design of turbine blades in China. His article Measurement of the mean flow field in a smooth rotating channel with Coriolis and buoyancy effects was published in ASME Turbo, the top-level conference in this field, and was highly praised by the chief technology expert of Florida Turbine Technologies, Inc. This conference paper was also recommended for publication in top journal of gas turbines J. Turbo.
Trials and hardships, all these experiences will always inspire him to realize his dream, move towards the larger stage and continue to create miracles.
 
Reported by Dong Pengcheng
Edited and translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:312
TITLE:"We Are Young" -Themed Concert Held to Commemorate 70th Anniversary of Founding of P. R. China
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2334.htm
TEXT:
"We Are Young" -Themed Concert Held to Commemorate 70th Anniversary of Founding of P. R. China
                

                    Release time：May 17, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


With the theme “We Are Young”, a special concert was staged to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of P. R. China and the 100th anniversary of the May 4th Movement at the Sunrise Concert Hall on May 11. Beihang Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Gang, related leaders from various departments and over 700 teachers and students attended this performance.
Divided into three parts — “Exploration”, “Endeavour” and “Pursuit of Dreams”, this youth-themed performance depicted a picture that young men of different periods, standing at the forefront of the times, overcame all the difficulties and hardships in the way and made brilliant achievements in the past decades. It inspired the contemporary youth to constantly forge ahead and pursue their dreams. The concert officially kicked off with the song “We are young” in Chinese version.

The first part began with a song Nian Qing De Peng You Lai Xiang Hui (Young Friends Come Together) by the Beihang University Student Choir, followed by Shan Zha Shu (Hawthorn), Qing Chun Wu Qu (The Dance of Youth) and Zhui Xun (Pursuit), showing the responsibility and duty of the youth of that era.

In the second part, Li Fei, an alumnus of the School of Economics and Management, appeared on the stage with the song Zai Xi Wang De Tian Ye Shang (In the Field of Hope). Then a medley Hua Yang Nian Hua (Blossom Age) brought the audience back to their youth and beautiful memories, showing complicated emotions of friendship, love, homesickness and patriotism of the young in the process of their growing up.

The third part was gradually unfolded with Wo He 2035 You Ge Yue (I Have a Date with 2035), Da Xian Sheng (Mr. Big), Zu Guo Bu Hui Wang Ji (The Motherland Will Not Forget). The party drew to a close with the chorus Bu Wang Chu Xin (Don't Forget the Original Heart) with all singers performing together on stage, bringing the concert to a climax.

Hosted by Beihang University Committee of the Communist Youth League and co-organized by the Flight College, the event combines the themes of youth and patriotism and accumulates the praise of youth and motherland in the songs, inspiring students to constantly forge ahead and strive for the great ideal of national rejuvenation.

 
Reported by Zhao Zhe
Photographed by Pei Wenyuan
Reviewed by Zhi Yuanyuan
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:313
TITLE:Opening Ceremony of Special Program of ITER Project Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2366.htm
TEXT:
Opening Ceremony of Special Program of ITER Project Held
                

                    Release time：March 28, 2019 / 
                


On March 23 and 24, Beihang University hosted the opening ceremony of Computational Simulation of Neutron Irradiation of Fusion Metallic Materials Program of ITER (International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor) Project. The ceremony was attended by Zhao Jing, Deputy Director of ITER China of the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST), Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, Wang Rongqiao, President Assistant and Director of Institute of Science and Technology, as well as more than 80 experts, directors and leading figures of the research program. Prof. Lu Guanghong, Chief Scientist of the program and Dean of the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering, presided over the opening ceremony.

Speeches were delivered respectively by Tao Zhi, Zhao Jing and Liu Xiang, an expert of the program.
Tao introduced the program-related information of Beihang and physics. Beihang has paid great attention to the research in thermonuclear experiments, in which major progress has been made. The university will provide guarantee and support in all aspects to advance the program.
Then Zhao shared the historical background and the goals of ITER from the perspective of national strategic demands. She recognized the preliminaries and efforts of the program, and expressed the expectation that the members of the program team could unite to overcome difficulties and successfully complete the research tasks.
Liu, on behalf of the experts of the program, expected the group members to cooperate closely to build a simulation platform for neutron irradiation and work on the computational simulation of neutron irradiation of fusion metallic materials, which could provide guidance for future fusion reactor construction.

During the following seminars, Lu Guanghong and other five program directors gave reports on their programs and subjects. Some leading figures delivered speeches on their tasks. At the expert group meeting held at the same time, the members of the expert group commented on the implementation, direction and core contents of the research.
ITER (International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor) is an international nuclear fusion research and engineering megaproject. The project is funded and run by seven member entities—the European Union, India, Japan, China, Russia, South Korea, and the United States. According to the ITER Agreement signed in November, 2006, ITER with a cost estimate of 120 billion dollars is to be constructed in 2025 in Cadarache, southern France, and it is designed to produce 500 MW of fusion power. It is another international scientific megaproject after the International Space Station Program and one of the most ambitious energy projects in the world today. Also, ITER Project is the largest international scientific and technological joint project undertaken by China.

China International Nuclear Fusion Energy Project is a domestic supporting project implemented by ITER China (China International Nuclear Fusion Energy Project Execution Center) of Ministry of Science and Technology. Since the launch of ITER in 2009, Beihang has been charged with 4 ITER programs and 7 tasks and participated in many. As chief scientist, Lu Guanghong got approval for his program Plasma-Wall Interactions in Tokamaks in 2009 and received further support in 2013. In 2012, Prof. Wang Tianmiao got approval as chief scientist for the program of Theory and Key Technology of Remote Controlled Robots in Nuclear Environment. The Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST) approved 9 supporting programs last year. The program hosted by Beihang this time is divided into 5 tasks, whose participants include Hunan University, China Institute of Atomic Energy, Hefei Institute of Physical Science of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Huazhong University of Science and Technology and other domestic universities and research institutes, with a total approved fund of 14.84 million yuan.

Reported by Jin Shuo
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Lu Guanghong
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:314
TITLE:Beihang University Held the 3rd Vision Forum for International Young Scholars
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2566.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University Held the 3rd Vision Forum for International Young Scholars
                

                    Release time：January 9, 2018 / Wang Rui
                


On December 25 and 26, 2017, the 3rd Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held in the Vision International Cultural Exchange Center. The Forum was sponsored by Beihang University and organized by the Human Resource Department, the International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science, and the Institute for Economics and Business. Around 100 young scholars from world-class universities and research institutions including Harvard University, the University of Oxford, the University of Cambridge, and Stanford University gathered at Beihang and participated in the Forum.


Cheng Jiwei, Professor and Deputy Secretary of the CPC Beihang University Committee, Fang Jiancheng, Vice President of Beihang University and Academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Wang Yunpeng, Professor and Vice President of Beihang University attended the opening session. Attendees also included scientists and scholars with titles of honor from a variety of disciplines, and Deans and Secretaries from the Schools. The opening session was presided over by Cheng Jiwei and Guo Lei, Professor and Executive Vice Dean of the International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science.
In his opening speech, Vice President Fang Jiancheng expressed his gratitude and extended greetings to the young scholars who had travelled long distances. He pointed out that China has put forward in due course the overall plan for building world-class universities and first-class disciplines, which indicates the country, in a “new era”, has greater expectations for higher education institutions to carry on the mission for the elevation of morality and cultivation of personality, and to develop through innovation. A new wave of development is coming, and the contribution of talents plays an important part. Beihang University highly values the contribution of talents and makes efforts to provide them with the best opportunities. The Vision Forum is a stage for young scholars to showcase their academic achievements.
He pointed out that Beihang, aiming at world-class standards, keeping its original aspiration and forging ahead with determination to build a world-class university rooted in China, implements the Kunpeng Program for the recruitment and management of talents, being innovation-driven and enhancing the ability to serve the country’s strategic needs. Beihang has a three-level responsibility system involving the University, the Schools and the research groups in order to select, based on focused disciplines, outstanding scholars worldwide and to build a talent team with world-class competitiveness. In providing support for the development of talents, Beihang is making great efforts through coordination of resources across Departments to provide greater opportunities for talents based on improved systems and mechanisms, policies and measures, and support and services.


Vice President Wang Yunpeng awarded the ‘Certificate of Honor for Specially Invited Speakers’ to the representatives of young scholars from Beihang University, the University of Cambridge, Harvard University, Stanford University, Texas A&M University, the University of Michigan, and Max Planck Institute in expression of his appreciation for the excellence in their respective fields of research.
Vice President Wang Yunpeng introduced the history of Beihang University. He named the University’s faculty members and scholars whose accomplishments have contributed to the development of Beihang and the nation. Ever since its founding, Beihang University has been carrying the historic mission of serving the strategic needs of the country. The first students admitted to Beihang have become industry leaders and pillars of the nation. In 2017, there were seven research achievements awarded prizes at national level. Keeping the original aspiration and forging ahead, Beihang University will keep advancing the glory of 11 First Prizes of national level science and technology awards in 12 years.
He said that the philosophy of recognition, love, openness, and inclusiveness is the core of top talent team construction at Beihang. The University has put forward the Kunpeng Program, and is comprehensively deepening the human resource system reform. “We are creating our own legend of talent management, accelerating world-class talent team building and better realizing the goal of becoming a world-class university rooted in China.” Vice President Wang sincerely welcomed talented young scholars to join Beihang, where they will contribute wisdom and power to their career goals as well as the great cause of our nation.


After a coffeebreak, Vice President Fang Jiancheng gave a presentation on “Development and Prospect of Quantum Timing, Navigation and Sensing”. Representatives of Beihang University’s outstanding faculty members, Professor Yang Shubin and Professor Xu Jun cordially shared career experiences and academic accomplishments in their area of expertise.
In the afternoon, five sub-forums in Mathematics and physics, Chemistry and material science, Engineering sciences, Information science, and Economics, management and business were held. The participating young scholars had in-depth discussions on issues in frontier studies. They, from an international perspective, inspired innovative ideas and promoted academic exchanges and cooperation through presentations and discussion, broadening horizons, inspiring creativity and connecting a bridge of friendship.
During the two-day forum, the Schools actively connected with outstanding young scholars, comprehensively presented their current status and future plans for the development of talents, and discussed cooperative matters. Beihang University Human Resource Department, on the other hand, conducted a talent review meeting for the “Zhuoyue 100” talent recruitment and management program, implementing the University’s strategies for talent team construction through selection of outstanding young scholars. 
Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars, planned to be held twice a year, aims at advancing the frontier of sciences and promoting scientific research across disciplines and success of young scholars. The Forum creates a suitable platform and a network of academic exchanges for outstanding young scholars worldwide on the basis of the University’s strategies of recruiting global talents of outstanding achievements to better realize the goal of building a world-class university rooted in the homeland of China. 
Text by Wang Rui
Photos by Wang Yuchen
Original text in Chinese by Li Yan and Li Zhen
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:315
TITLE:2019 International Academic Symposium on Building a Community with Shared Future for Mankind Held to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of Founding of PRC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2299.htm
TEXT:
2019 International Academic Symposium on Building a Community with Shared Future for Mankind Held to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of Founding of PRC
                

                    Release time：July 17, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On July 14, the “International Academic Symposium 2019: The 70th Anniversary of Founding of the People’s Republic of China and Building a Community with Shared Future for Mankind”, sponsored by School of Marxism of Beihang University, was successfully held at the Conference Center of New Main Building.
The opening ceremony was presided over by Professor Zhao Yiliang, Vice Dean of School of Marxism. Over 50 experts and scholars from well-known universities and research institutes in China, Russia, the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, Cuba, the Netherlands, Belgium, Austria, Hungary, Finland, etc, as well as authoritative media such as People's Daily and Guangming Daily were present at the event.
In his address, Li Deyu, Director of International Division, extended his warm welcome to all the participants. He stated that the strategy of building a community with shared future for mankind is a concept and approach put forward under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and with a view to boost human’s future development, which is in line with the developing rules of world history and has received wide attention from the international community. On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of founding of the People’s Republic of China, this symposium is of great importance to further enhance the internationalization level of Beihang and promote the development of humanities and social sciences.
Professor Yin Hong from Renmin University of China gave a keynote speech titled “China in the Era of Deng Xiaoping: A Crucial Decade”. Following that, Professor Xun Qingzhi from Peking University, Professor A. M. Smith from Michigan State University, Professor Hua Shiping from the University of Louisville and Professor G. T. Crane from Williams College delivered speeches on topics like socialist ecological civilization, the international development and evolution of Mao Zedong Thought, changes in American democracy, and transfer forms of Confucianism, respectively. Associate Professor Xie Huiyuan from Beihang University analyzed the identity and heterogeneity in contemporary multi-culture and social justice on the basis of feminism and other contemporary political philosophical issues.
During the symposium, excellent speeches were also given by scholars from Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Beijing Normal University, Beihang University, Russian Academy of Sciences, Columbia University, Northern Illinois University, Sussex University, the University of Melbourne, Griffith University and other universities and research institutes. Gao Ning, Deputy Secretary of Party Committee of School of Marxism, made the final summary of this symposium.
The symposium this year, featuring a wide range of participants, rich topics and diverse perspectives, is an academic feast with a close combination of theory and practice and a highlight of thought and professionalism. The experts highly recognized the great achievements made over the past 70 years, made in-depth discussions on the economic, political and diplomatic issues in today's world, and analyzed China's international influence and contribution to the world at the symposium. This symposium provides a favorable platform to spread China's voice and boost the in-depth exchange of academic circles at home and abroad.


Reported by Wang Jiangwei
Reviewed by Zhao Yiliang
Edited by Gao Minjiang
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:316
TITLE:Beihang Students Achieve Excellent Results in 2019 “Dream Angle Cup” International Aerial Robotics Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2282.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Achieve Excellent Results in 2019 “Dream Angle Cup” International Aerial Robotics Competition
                

                    Release time：September 10, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


 
Recently, the 2019 “Dream Angle Cup” International Aerial Robotics Competition (IARC) was held at Yunnan Innovation Institute of Beihang University. Set up by the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Team Yuyuan-X and Team Yuyuan-Y participated in the competition, and won the Best Thesis Award and Best Collaboration Award respectively.

The mission this year is to decode the password hidden in four fragmented QR code pictures under the attack of guard robots, open the box according to the password, take out the basketball in the box and put it in the designated place. During the process, the UAV can only be controlled by voice or gesture, which emphasizes man-machine interaction (non-electronic command and control), fused sensory enhancement of a human operator by a fleet of aerial robots, swarm interaction, aerial target designation and head-to-head interaction with opposing aerial robots.

The two teams are made up of Beihang postgraduate students as well as postgraduate students and doctoral students waiting for admission, all of whom have no experience in participating in such competition. With the strong support of the leaders of the school and under the guidance of young teachers, the two team leaders Song Xinyu and Zhang Wubin led their members to tackle key technical problems, formulate plans and sort out major problems, and held regular meetings for in-depth discussion about difficulties.
In the five rounds of the competition, Team Yuyuan-X carefully observed each step, actively revised the plan based on the problems, and even burned the midnight oil to improve the algorithm. At last, they successfully extracted and pieced together the fragments of the four QR code photos. By virtue of their excellent presentation and thesis writing ability, Team Yuyuan-X won the Best Thesis Award. Members of Team Yuyuan-Y raced against time to modify programs and debug their UAV. They never gave up any opportunity but strived to do their best. Finally, they found the best solution to decode the password without all the QR codes. With the excellent design of the control system, they won the Best Collaboration Award.

Founded in 1991, International Air Robot Competition (IARC) was initiated by Professor Robert C. Michelson from Georgia Institute of Technology, funded by the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI), and held once a year. The tournament so far has had a history of 28 years, with seven generations of tasks completed. In 2012, the Asia-Pacific division of International Air Robot Contest was set up, attracting students from well-known universities to participate in the challenge. The 2019 IARC was co-sponsored by Association for Unmanned Vehicles System International, Beihang University, Yunnan Innovation Institute of Beihang University, China Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics, etc. It aims to advance UAV technology by setting challenging, practical and meaningful competition tasks.

Reported by Song Xinyu and Zhang Wubin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Hu Xiaoguang
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:317
TITLE:CAST-Beihang Research Institute of Science and Technology Organizations and Public Policy Inaugural Meeting Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2340.htm
TEXT:
CAST-Beihang Research Institute of Science and Technology Organizations and Public Policy Inaugural Meeting Held
                

                    Release time：May 5, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On the morning of April 29, the inaugural meeting of China Association for Science and Technology (CAST)-Beihang Research Institute of Science and Technology Organizations and Public Policy was held at Beihang University. It was attended by Huai Jinpeng, executive vice president of the China Association for Science and Technology, Wang Zhijun, vice minister of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China, Shu Wei, executive secretary of CAST, Gong Ke, president-elect of World Federation of Engineering Organizations, Fang Xin, president of the Third World Organization for Women in Science (TWOWS) and professor of the School of Public Policy and Management of University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Cao Shumin, secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Xu Huibin, president of Beihang University and many other leaders. The meeting was presided over by President Xu Huibin.

The meeting
Huai Jinpeng congratulated the institute on its establishment. He pointed out that it is the mission of CAST to vigorously develop think tanks, promote strategic cooperation and integrate science and technology into the areas such as industry, economy, society and culture. He maintained that effective science and technology organizations and public policies are the important basis for the progress and innovation of science and technology. Therefore, the joint effort between CAST and Beihang to establish the institute meets the demand of national strategy and supports major decisions and arrangements of the party and government. He hoped that the two sides can set up first-class think tank hub through the cooperation and conduct more high-quality researches that are consistent with the national circumstances and meet the demands of the new era and the international development.

Academician Huai Jinpeng spoke at the meeting
On behalf of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) of the People’s Republic of China, Wang Zhijun said in his address that MIIT attaches great importance to the construction of innovation system of industrial technology and encourages the in-depth cooperation among enterprises, universities, research institutes and relevant organizations. He expected that the two sides can come up with comprehensive, forward-looking and strategic measures on policy-making and implementation in the area of Industry and Information Technology.

Wang Zhijun, vice minister of Industry and Information Technology, spoke at the meeting
Cao Shumin warmly welcomed the guests at the meeting. She mentioned that innovation is the primary force of development. She stated that the Party Committee of Beihang University pays great attention to the think tank development and hopes to take advantage of this opportunity to establish a high-level open think tank platform that starts at a high point, creating a new participation mechanism for science and technology innovation organizations, so as to offer powerful theory and intelligence support for the development of an innovative country.

Cao Shumin welcomed the guests at the meeting
Xu Huibin also expressed welcome to the people present. He said that CAST and Beihang share the same “innovation genes” and a solid basis of cooperation. He pointed out that the co-founding of the Research Institute of Science and Technology Organizations and Public Policy is a major event in the course of Beihang’s development into a first-class university with first-class disciplines as well as a milestone in the history of cooperation between Beihang and CAST.

President Xu Huibin spoke at the meeting
On behalf of the leading group of the institute, Huai Jinpeng awarded certificates of employment to the director of academic committee of the institute. Cao Shumin was elected as dean of the institute. Huai Jinpeng, Wang Zhijun, Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin unveiled the nameplate of the institute together.

Huai Jinpeng awarded certificates of employment to the director of academic committee of the institute

Huai Jinpeng awarded the certificate of employment to Cao Shumin, who was elected as dean of the institute

Huai Jinpeng, Wang Zhijun, Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin unveiled the nameplate of the institute together
The launch ceremony was followed by a seminar entitled “The Science and Technology Organizations in the Era of New Technology”. Experts and scholars conducted in-depth discussions on the topic at the seminar.

The academic seminar

The group photo of the attendees

Reported by Song Chao
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping and Xiong Ting
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:318
TITLE:Exponential Thermal Tensor Network Approach for Quantum Lattice Models Published on PRX
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2456.htm
TEXT:
Exponential Thermal Tensor Network Approach for Quantum Lattice Models Published on PRX
                

                    Release time：October 10, 2018 / Li Siying
                


On September 26, Physical Review X (PRX, with an impact factor of 14.4) published online the latest achievement, entitled “Exponential Thermal Tensor Network Approach for Quantum Lattice Models”, by Professor Chen Ziyu and Associate Professor Li Wei from the Key Laboratory of Micro-Nano Measurement-Manipulation and Physics (Ministry of Education) of Beihang University in collaboration with their co-authors. Associate Professor Li and Andreas Weichselbaum of Brookhaven National Laboratory are both corresponding authors of the paper, Beihang students Chen Bin-Bin and Chen Lei being the co-primary authors.
Among all the interacting atoms that form the various materials in the world, there are those correlated quantum materials with extraordinary electronic structure and magnetic properties such as high-temperature superconductivity, spin liquids, and so on. They need to be studied based on micro models so as to unearth their potential applications in areas such as quantum computation. What bridges theory and experiments is the comparison between computational simulations and experiments on thermodynamic properties such as magnetization and heat capacity. However, it is a complex project which lacks effective computational methods—especially that of two-dimensional fermions—thus forming one of the major frontier issues in the concerned field.
Associate Professor Li has always been devoted to that field. He proposed linearized tensor renormalization group algorithm for the calculation of thermodynamic properties of quantum lattice model [Phys. Rev. Lett. 106, 127202 (2011)] in collaboration with his supervisor Professor Su Gang. In line with the method, the team of Associate Professor Li has developed and programmatically realized a new approach to obtain the density operator of a given temperature. Different from the traditional one, which will become both inaccurate and ineffective when it comes to compute the low-temperature properties of the two-dimensional system, the new approach named XTRG cools down along the axis of the reciprocal temperature exponential and thus simulates the thermodynamic properties of the quantum many-body system in cold temperatures (as in the graph below) with more precision.

The team of Associate Professor Li is expected to further their research on XTRG, and make more contributions to quantum many-body system computation.
The research has received great support from the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC), the key project of National Natural Science Fund, Hundreds Talents Program of Beihang University, and Beihang Youth Talents Fund.
Physical Review X (PRX), as the journal with the highest impact factor under the American Physics Society, places a high value on academic interdisciplinary, academic innovation and fundamental breakthroughs, according to whose strict criteria no more than 300 papers are published every year.

Group Photo of Some Members of the Research Team
 
For more about the paper: https://journals.aps.org/prx/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevX.8.031082
 
Reported by Liu Rui
Edited by Song Chao and Li Siying
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:319
TITLE:2019 Workshop on Application of Biomechanics in Clinical Treatment and Rehabilitation & 1st International Conference on “Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices” Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2290.htm
TEXT:
2019 Workshop on Application of Biomechanics in Clinical Treatment and Rehabilitation & 1st International Conference on “Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices” Held
                

                    Release time：August 26, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


Recently, the 2019 Workshop on Application of Biomechanics in Clinical Treatment and Rehabilitation & 1st International Conference on “Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices” was successfully held at Beihang University.

Some renowned experts in the fields of biomedical engineering from world-class universities in such countries and regions as America, Britain, Australia, Canada, France, Germany and Hong Kong were invited. They made academic exchanges and discussions around the application of biomechanics in medicine and rehabilitation, as well as new equipment and technology frontiers in medical treatment (which is closely related to biomedical engineering), especially the latest progress in cardiovascular treatments, orthodontics and prosthodontics, osteoarthritis treatments, rehabilitation engineering, onocology and ophthalmology. Prof. Fan Yubo, Dean of the Interdisciplinary Innovation Institute for Medicine and Engineering, served as chairman of the conference.
At the opening ceremony, Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices, the newly established journal was inaugurated by Prof. Fan Yubo and Prof. Scott Holister, who are the editors-in-chief of the journal, Prof. Zheng Chenggong, the executive editor, together with Li Deyu, Director of the International Division of Beihang University, Leo YING, Representative of Elsevier. Besides, the first editorial board meeting was held during the workshop.



During the two-day academic discussion, 25 experts from home and abroad made speeches and reported the latest research progress and academic achievements in their fields. The conference provides an opportunity of exchanging and learning for the participants. It further deepens the cooperation between Beihang and other world-class universities in the field of biomedical engineering, broadens the international vision of teachers and students, and enhances the academic level and international influence of Beihang.

Reported by Zhou Xue
Written by Feng Wentao and Luo Chenyu
Reviewed by Liu Yuzhan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:320
TITLE:Prof. Yang Shubin's Group Publishes Article in Nature, Reporting Latest Progress on 2D Materials
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2207.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Yang Shubin's Group Publishes Article in Nature, Reporting Latest Progress on 2D Materials
                

                    Release time：March 7, 2020 / Ren Chenjie
                


Prof. Yang Shubin’s research group in the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Beihang University, published an article entitled “Conversion of non-van der Waals solids to 2D transition-metal chalcogenides” online in Nature recently, reporting the latest progress on 2D materials. PhD candidate Du Zhiguo and Prof. Yang Shubin of Beihang Univeristy are the first and corresponding authors respectively.


In this article, a brand-new strategy to synthesize 2D materials was put forward — topological transformation, which converts non-van der Waals (non-vdW) solids such as MAX phases to 2D vdW transition-metal chalcogenide layers with identified 2H (trigonal prismatic)/1T (octahedral) phases. It is anticipated that these 2D transition-metal chalcogenides will be widely applied to electronics, catalysis and energy storage.

Prof. Yang Shubin’s latest research published in Nature
The effective strategy proposed by prof. Yang’s group overcomes the long-standing problem in producing air-stable 2D materials. The schematic illustration of the conversion of non-vdW solids to 2D vdW transition-metal chalcogenides is depicted in Fig.1. Because the M–A bonds are more chemically active than the M–X bonds, as depicted in Fig.1a, under chalcogen-containing vapours (HyZ, where Z represents sulfur, selenium or tellurium andy is 0 or 2) at high temperatures (873-1372K), non-vdW MAX phases and transition-metal borides, silicides and carbides have high activities. In particular, the active M–A bonds in MAX phases react easily with chalcogen-containing gases, resulting in products of AZ and MZ compositions. The topological transformation, achieved by exposing non-vdW solids to chalcogen vapours, can be controlled by enthalpies and vapour pressures of the reaction products. Regulating the compositions of MAX phases (ternary or quaternary MAX phases) and introducing a third reactant (P vapour) enable such an approach to engineering phase-selected 2D transition-metal chalcogenide structures with good stability at high temperatures (up to 1,373 kelvin) and achieving high-throughput production of monolayers.

Fig. 1 Schematic illustration of the conversion of non-vdW solids to 2D vdW transition-metal chalcogenides. a, Non-vdW solids such as MAX phases are progressively transformed to 2D transition-metal chalcogenides via a topological conversion reaction (MAX + HyZ (gas)→MZ + AZ). b, Temperature–vapour pressure relationships for various AZ substances
Prof. Wei Sun Leong of National University of Singapore published a comment on the work of Prof. Yang in Nature. He pointed out that this method can directly transform non-van der Waals (non-vdW) solids into TMC monolayers. With advantages of low-cost, ease of operation, etc., this method for producing air-stable 2D materials on an industrial scale is a key step in bringing them to market. He commented that “From a scientific standpoint, 2D materials need to be stable and usable in our immediate surroundings. Du and colleagues’ findings are promising for the field because they show that the presence of a low quantity (less than 1%) of impurity atoms can stabilize TMC monolayers.”

Prof. Wei Sun Leong’s comment published in Nature
The research, which adopted various advanced testing and characterization methods, was collaborated by 11 participators from four institutions: Prof. Yang Shubin’s team of Beihang University, Prof. Pulickel M. Ajayan of Rice University, Prof. Zou Xiaolong’s team of Tsinghua University, and Prof. Song Li of University of Science and Technology of China.
This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the Youth 1000-Talent Program of China and the 111 Project, etc.
More information of the research:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-019-1904-x


Reported by Shi Yue
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:321
TITLE:Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Carried out at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3065.htm
TEXT:
Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Carried out at Beihang
                

                    Release time：April 29, 2021 / Yin Ruyue
                


On the morning of April 23, a voluntary tree-planting activity was held at the Shahe Campus of Beihang University.


It was attended by the university leaders, people in charge of departments at the Shahe Campus and student representatives. Among the leaders were Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin, He Xinzhou, Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun, Wang Yunpeng, Zhao Gang, and Cheng Bo.
The participants planted more than 20 high-quality saplings, including ash, magnolia, ginkgo, white pine, begonia and other species. While planting trees, Cao Shumin and Xu Huibin stressed that Beihang will further strengthen the planning guidance, pay attention to improving the quality of the living environment, and fully meet the functional and aesthetic needs of teachers and students.


After the tree-planting activity, Cao Shumin and Xu Huibin inspected the buildings under construction at the Shahe Campus, and listened to the reports from relative department leaders. They fully affirmed the current construction, and encouraged the construction team to make further efforts to accelerate the “dual-core” development pattern of Beihang University.


It is reported that the Shahe Campus Apartments and West Cafeteria Construction Project, located in the northwest corner of the Shahe Campus, with a total construction area of 148,000 square meters, is an important construction task to implement the“dual-core”development pattern of the two campuses of the university, aiming to create a high-quality, fully functional and integrated community for students at Shahe Campus. The buildings are scheduled to be completed by the end of May 2021.



Reported by Feng Lina
Photographed by Di Bailu and Zhang Xiuhui
Reviewed by Zou Yuliang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yin Ruyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:322
TITLE:Sino-French Seminar on New Technologies for Future Cities Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2264.htm
TEXT:
Sino-French Seminar on New Technologies for Future Cities Held
                

                    Release time：October 22, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On October 15, a Sino-French seminar hosted by Sino-French Future Cities Laboratory and Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University was held to explore new technologies for future cities. The seminar was presided over by Frédéric Genty, French Director of Sino-French Engineer School.
Over 60 participants including Cédric Guillerme, Deputy Counsellor for Science and Technology at the French Embassy in Beijing, Jakob Puchinger, French Director of Sino-French Future Cities Laboratory, Hong Guanxin, Dean of Sino-French Engineer School, experts and scholars from French universities and research institutes, as well as representatives of several enterprises such as Electricite de France and Dassault, attended the seminar to discuss the relevant results of research on future cities.

The seminar began with welcome speeches of Zhao Gang, Vice President of Beihang University and Jean-Philippe Dugoin-Clément, Vice President of the Ile-de-France region. They introduced the background and overall plan of Sino-French Future Cities Laboratory, and hoped that scholars and enterprises of China and France would actively cooperate to make innovative achievements in transportation, energy, health and other aspects.

The Sino-French Future Cities Laboratory, as an innovative cooperation project in the Sino-French Collective Action Plan signed by Chen Jining, Mayor of Beijing and Valerie Pecresse, President of the Regional Council of Île-de-France on June 12, 2018, was Inaugurated in Paris in 2018 and located at the Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University.

The laboratory will take advantage of opportunities brought by the cooperation between Beijing and the Ile-de-France region, establish a long-term mechanism for international inter-regional scientific research and cultural exchanges, share the experiences and achievements in new technologies for future cities, and jointly train outstanding young talents who can meet the challenges and risks of future cities.


Reported by Niu Wei
Reviewed by Hong Guanxin
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:323
TITLE:Beihang Wins First Prize at National University Robot Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2337.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins First Prize at National University Robot Contest
                

                    Release time：May 13, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


Two candidate teams from Beihang University earned their prizes at the 2nd National University Contest on Intelligent Robotic Innovations held in Yuyao, Zhejiang Province, May 5.
The team consisting of Ma Yuanyi, Fu Ning and Guo Yuhui won the first prize in IRFC (Intelligent Robot Fighting Competition) Wheeled Robots with Uniform Parts. The other team consisting of Cui Yingjie, Xiao Zhuo and Wang Ziteng won the nominee award in the competition of Rubik's Cube Robots.

The fighting robot made by Beihang Robot Team

The cube robot made by Beihang Robot Team
The National University Contest on Intelligent Robotic Innovations was hosted by the China Association of Higher Education, the Engineering Graphics Discipline Steering Committee of the Ministry of Education, the Chinese Association for Artificial Intelligence, the China Robot Summit Working Committee, the Innovative Approach Discipline Steering Committee of the Ministry of Education, the International League of Robot Competition and Maker Education, the RoboCom International Championships organizing committee and the contest organizing committee. It was organized by the Zhejiang University Robotics Institute, the China Engineering Education Commission, and the journal Robotics Technology and Application.
The aim of this contest is to cultivate students’ innovative consciousness and creativity, encourage students to participate in extracurricular scientific activities and promote the training of new engineering talents.

Beihang Robot Team

Reported by Li Qikai
Reviewed by Cong Baoqiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:324
TITLE:Beihang Students’ Winter Learning Tour to Hiroshima University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2551.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students’ Winter Learning Tour to Hiroshima University
                

                    Release time：March 13, 2018 / Li Siying
                


Three students from different schools of Beihang University bade farewell to a fortnight-long program in Hiroshima University, Japan on Feburary 14 with abundant knowledge and experiences of the country’s language and culture.  
The program, which began on January 31, took in students from the School of Law, the School of Beijing, and the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Beihang University.

During the 2-week visit, the students had access to both the academic and the practical activities. They dipped into the characteristics and history of Japanese aesthetics and learned about the culture of Taoism in Japan, which led them to reflect on the differences between the Taoist culture in China and that in Japan. Their practice of Japanese ikebana in the Rokkakudo (Chohoji) Temple also shed light on Japanese classical aesthetics.
Besides, lectures on Japan’s nuclear weapon policy furthered the students’ understanding of Japan’s attitude towards this issue, which is illustrated by the fact that this nuclear energy giant keeps a distance from nuclear weapons.
On this trip, the students were also impressed by the decline of Japan’s traditional crafts and the craftsman in Ritsumeikan University.

The program was a great opportunity for the students to broaden their horizon, appreciate the history and culture of Japan, and enhance their practical competence. It also served to manifest the wisdom and charisma of Beihang students.
Released by Qu Yue and Liu Shuran
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:325
TITLE:Beihang Professor Zhao Lidong Wins 2022 Xplorer Prize
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3372.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor Zhao Lidong Wins 2022 Xplorer Prize
                

                    Release time：September 19, 2022 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On September 15, Prof. Zhao Lidong from Beihang University won the 2022 Xplorer Prize in the field of advanced interdisciplinary studies.

Dr. Zhao Lidong is a full professor and Ph.D. supervisor in the School of Materials Science and Engineering at Beihang University. After being employed as a member of “Hundred Talents Program” of Beihang University in 2014, he has been selected into several national major talent projects, Beijing Pioneer of Teacher's Professional Ethics, Young Investigator Award for Excellence in Research in Thermoelectrics (1 winner per year in the world), Highly Cited Researchers (2019-2021), etc. His research interests include electrical and thermal transport behaviors in the compounds with layered structures. He has published over 260 important papers in journals such as Nature and Science, and has been cited more than 30,000 times, with an h-index of 82. Prof. Zhao is currently the Founding Editor-in-Chief of Materials Lab (http://matlab.labapress.com/matlab/).
The Xplorer Prize is a non-governmental merit-based award launched in 2018 by the Tencent Foundation and 14 renowned scientists to support full-time science professionals under the age of 45, based in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macao. Each year, up to 50 young scientists are selected from the fields of basic sciences and frontier technologies, with each receiving a no-strings-attached grant totaling RMB 3 million over a five-year period. Sticking to the mission of “Facing Future, Rewarding Excellence, and Encouraging Exploration”, the Xplorer Prize encourages young scientists to research unexplored areas of basic sciences and frontier technologies without being distracted.
In 2021, two professors from Beihang University, Prof. Zhao Weisheng from the School of Integrated Circuit Science and Engineering and Prof. Chen Huawei from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, have been honored with this award in the fields of information and electronics technologies and advanced manufacturing respectively.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:326
TITLE:Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for Postgraduate Students Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/2911.htm
TEXT:
Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for Postgraduate Students Held
                

                    Release time：January 20, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


On the morning of January 16, the Beihang University Postgraduate Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for students of 2020-2021 academic year was convened at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. The ceremony was held both online and offline simultaneously with live-broadcasts across multiple venues.

Among the attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Wang Yunpeng and Huang Haijun, Vice Secretaries of the Party Committee Zhao Gang and Cheng Bo, Academic Committee Director Zhao Qinping, alumni representative Fang Yuanpeng, tutor representative Gong Shengkai, academic degree evaluation committee members, etc. The event was hosted by Huang Haijun.

The opening video “Youth Luggage” impressed all students by reflecting on their unique memories about their campus life.

The rhythm of the solemn national anthem marked the beginning of the graduation ceremony. All postgraduate students joined in this event both online and offline, including 60 graduate students in the main venue, 1,105 students from 26 sub-venues, 766 students from research groups and laboratories, and those who participated in the “unique” youth festival online at home.


Cao Shumin announced the list of authors of Beihang Excellent Doctoral Dissertations and their supervisors, He Xinzhou read out the list of winners of Beihang Excellent Master's Theses, Tao Zhi introduced winners of the Scholarship for a Career in the Vitalization of National Defense Industry, and Liu Shuchun presented the name list of Beijing Excellent Graduates. The leaders and guests presented awards to these outstanding prize-winners in succession.

Cao Shumin announced the list of authors and supervisors of Beihang Excellent Doctoral Dissertations

He Xinzhou read out the list of winners of Beihang Excellent Master's Theses

Tao Zhi announced winners of the Scholarship for a Career in the Vitalization of National Defense Industry

Liu Shuchun read out the names of Beijing Excellent Graduates
On behalf of all postgraduate supervisors, Gong Shengkai, Academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering and doctoral supervisor from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, sent his entrustment and expectations to all the graduate students, hoping that they will remember the motto of Beihang University, keep in mind their own goals and take responsibilities boldly. Professor Gong also noted that no matter what risks and challenges lie ahead in the future, students should always strive for their own happiness and fight for the great rejuvenation of China.

Academician Gong Shengkai, representative of postgraduate supervisors and professor from the School of Materials Science and Engineering
Gao Ke, a PhD student from the School of Astronautics, expressed his gratitude to his alma mater on behalf of all postgraduate students, and called on them to inherit the spirit of Beihang University and become ones with excellent skills and committing to their responsibilities.

Gao Ke, representative of graduate students and PhD student from the School of Astronautics
Fang Yuanpeng, alumni representative and Chief Model Officer of Chengdu Aircraft Design Institute of AVIC, shared his stories and experience both at study and at work, encouraging graduates to adhere to Beihang spirit and motto to become pioneers and forge ahead in the new era, so as to fulfill themselves and make their ambitions come true.

Fang Yuanpeng, alumni representative and Chief Model Officer of Chengdu Aircraft Design Institute of AVIC
President Xu Huibin concluded the past year of 2020 in three words as “extraordinary”, “unexpected” and “unordinary”, reflecting on the details of students’ efforts in combating the Covid-19, their contributions to the aerospace industry as well as their dedications to the construction of the world-class university with Chinese characteristics. President Xu pointed out that such unforgettable memories about Beihang will become a lifetime treasure for all the students. “Every one of you is great! And Beihang will be proud of you all!” In his speech, President Xu further encouraged all the graduates to make patriotic dedication and carry forward the spirit of “serving the country by devoting to the aerospace industry”.

President Xu Huibin delivered a speech
In the following degree-awarding ceremony, university leaders and members from the Academic Degree Evaluation Committee plucked the tassel from the honorary hoods and awarded degrees and certificates to the new graduates.




Degree-awarding ceremony at the main venue






Degree-awarding ceremony at the sub-venues





Teachers turned the tassel for 766 graduates at research groups and laboratories
The ceremony came to an end with all the students singing Beihang anthem “Looking Up to the Starry Sky”.


Students sang Beihang anthem “Looking Up to the Starry Sky”








Reported by Liu Jingchao and Feng Changchun
Photographed by Di Bailu, Liu Yaoze, Wang Zhen, Tian Wenhao, Liu Zhiwei, Zhang Keli, Chen Xuhang and Liu Yuanzhong
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:327
TITLE:18th Awarding Program for Future Scientists Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2434.htm
TEXT:
18th Awarding Program for Future Scientists Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：November 9, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 18th Awarding Program for Future Scientists, jointly organized by the Children & Youth Science Center of China Association for Science and Technology (CAST) and Beihang University, was convened at Beihang Gymnasium on the morning of November 4.
Among the attendees were Academician Wu Yueliang, Director of the review committee of Future Scientists and Vice President of the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences; Academician Li Lemin, Director of the review and supervision committee of Future Scientists and Professor of Peking University; Academician Wang Jun, President of the Association for Science and Technology of Beihang University; Chen Gang, Secretary of the Secretariat of CAST; Zhang Peiwei, Chairman of the H.S. Chau Foundation; Party members of CAST; and LI Junfeng, Vice Secretary of Beihang University.
At the event, Chen Gang delivered the closing keynote address. He noted that the Awarding Program, which aims at discovering and cultivating teenagers with scientific research potential and encouraging them to sublimate scientific research into their life ideal, is the trial and exploration on the training and selection mechanism of the young talents in science and technology innovation.


Chen Gang delivering the closing speech
On behalf of the review committee, Wu Yueliang gave a review report on this Program. A total of 2,472 students, the largest number ever, registered and applied for the Program this year. 223 experts were invited by the committee to select 130 students as finalists. In the final stage, the final assessment committee, which consists of the 55 academicians and experts from well-known universities and research institutes in China, chose 15 first prize winners, 35 second prize winners, 50 third prize winners and 26 awards for nomination, through multiple ways of testing like oral defense of research projects, knowledge test and comprehensive quality evaluation.




At the awarding ceremony
During the event, the students communicated with Nobel Prize winners and academicians face to face, got acquainted with peers with similar interests and had an in-depth exchange of views on scientific research through activities like “Youth Science Salon” and “Future Scientists” Reunion. Besides, to experience the academic atmosphere and campus culture of the university, the students also toured the Beijing Air and Space Museum and the relevant laboratories at Beihang University.


Group photo
  
Reported by Xie Qin
Reviewed by Wang Xiaofeng
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:328
TITLE:Bilateral Cooperation Seminar Held Between Beihang and MAI
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2457.htm
TEXT:
Bilateral Cooperation Seminar Held Between Beihang and MAI
                

                    Release time：October 8, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


From September 22nd to 27th, a delegation of professors specialized in the localization and navigation technology from the School of Electronics and Information Engineering, supported by the Beihang Bilateral Disciplinary Cooperation Seminar Funding Program, visited Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI).
Aseminar was held between the Chinese delegation and MAI professors led by Anna Katkina, Assistant to the Rector of MAI. The two parties exchanged views on carrying out comprehensive and in-depth cooperation in the field of satellite navigation systems. The delegation visited laboratories of MAI that were used to perform aircraft design, wind tunnel testing, flight simulation and spacecraft design. They also introduced Beihang’s engagement in the development of BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) and had discussions with Russian professors who were involved in the signal structure design, integrity monitoring and key technology breakthrough of Globalnaya Navigatsionnaya Sputnikovaya Sistema (GLONASS). The two sides made further agreements on the cooperation of scientific research, joint training programs, text book publication, student exchange programs, joint participation in international conferences and so on.
The visit was made in response to the requirement of the Chinese-Russian Committee on Important Projects of Strategic Cooperation in the field of Satellite Navigation, which was founded on the 18th Regular Meeting Between Chinese and Russian Prime Ministers held in October, 2014. The visit deepens the relationship between the two universities and lays a good foundation for the cultivation of international talents who are desperately needed for the development of BDS.
Beihang and MAI will continue to promote the research cooperation and joint training programs related to BeiDou and GLONASS projects.
 
Reported by Jin Tian
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:329
TITLE:Joint Lab For Additive Manufacturing Unveiled
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2309.htm
TEXT:
Joint Lab For Additive Manufacturing Unveiled
                

                    Release time：June 24, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


The Joint Lab for Additive Manufacturing, a large aircraft innovalley joint lab built under the cooperation of Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd. (COMAC) and Beihang University was inaugurated at Beihang University on June 21. Academician Fang Jiancheng, Vice President of Beihang University, Liu Dan, Secretary of the Party Committee of Shanghai Aircraft Design and Research Institute, COMAC, Academician Wang Huaming, Director of the National Engineering Laboratory of Additive Manufacturing for Large Metallic Components attended the ceremony. The event was hosted by Wang Rongqiao, President Assistant and Director of Institute of Science and Technology.

The inauguration ceremony
At the event, “The Building Plan of the Large Aircraft Innovalley Joint Lab—Joint Lab for Additive Technology” was signed by Beihang University and Shanghai Aircraft Design and Research Institute, COMAC. Fang Jiancheng, Liu Dan and Wang Huaming unveiled the nameplate.

The building plan of the joint lab was signed by the two sides

The nameplate of the lab was unveiled
The Joint Lab for Additive Manufacturing is the second large aircraft innovalley joint lab supported by Beihang University after the Large Aircraft Flight Control/ Hydraulic/ Undercarriage Joint Lab, which marks a milestone in the implementation of “Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement Between COMAC and Beihang University” signed by the two sides on September, 2018.
With the launch of the joint lab, more in-depth cooperation with COMAC in additive manufacturing will be conducted under the support of some major research institutes such as the National Engineering Laboratory of Additive Manufacturing for Large Metallic Components. The lab will focus on the research and development of the large aircraft, innovate the design and manufacture of large passenger jets, reform the production and maintenance models of the large passenger jets and accelerate the transformation process from research findings to practical applications. In this way, the corresponding “production-education-research” system can be developed in a coordinated manner, the talent pool of scientific research in relative fields can be guaranteed and the design and testing capabilities of COMAC can be further enhanced.
Beihang University will continue to support the building and operation of the joint lab so as to make greater contribution to the development of China's large aircraft industry.


Reported by Cao Haitao
Photographed by Di Bailu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Liu Gang
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:330
TITLE:ESTACA Delegation Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3608.htm
TEXT:
ESTACA Delegation Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：October 16, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On the afternoon of October 10th, Jean-Michel Durepaire, President of Ecole Supérieure des Techniques Aéronautiques et de Construction Automobile (ESTACA) led a delegation to visit Beihang University. Beihang President Wang Yunpeng met with the guests in the VIP room of the Main Building. Vice Presidents Huang Haijun and Zhao Weisheng, along with heads of relevant departments accompanied the meeting.

Wang Yunpeng welcomed the delegation from ESTACA. He stated that Beihang University and ESTACA have had a long cooperation history of nearly 23 years. Both sides have achieved fruitful results in various fields such as student exchange programs and summer schools. With unique advantages in the field of transportation, ESTACA is an excellent engineering school in France, enjoying high visibility and influence in the education and corporate sectors. Considering the strong foundation of collaboration between the two universities, as well as their matching outstanding disciplines, and shared development vision and philosophy, there is broad space and prospects for future cooperation. President Wang Yunpeng hoped that both sides can further enhance inter-school exchanges and visits, fully leverage their respective strengths, expand in-depth cooperation in scientific research and talent cultivation, explore new models of international cooperation, and promote mutual development.

Durepaire expressed gratitude for the warm reception from Beihang University. He stated that Beihang University is one of ESTACA's most important partner institutions and that the two have a solid foundation of cooperation. As a typical French engineering school, ESTACA is comparatively small in scale yet rather sophisticated in terms of education quality and research level. He hoped that both sides can fully tap into the potential for cooperation. Focusing on the advantageous disciplines of aerospace, transportation, and other shared research areas of intelligent transportation, carbon neutrality, and new energy, the two universities can make the best of their cooperative advantages with the industry and comprehensively deepen all-round cooperation in talent cultivation and scientific research.

During the visit, both sides conducted in-depth discussions on how to expand cooperation between the two universities. Huang Haijun and Zhao Weisheng briefed the guests on the current development status, international cooperation, and prospects of Beihang University. Subsequently, they had thorough discussions on topics such as joint degree programs and collaborative research between professors, reaching numerous agreements.
ESTACA, established in 1925, is a member of the prestigious ISAE group of Grandes Écoles in France. In 1986, it was authorized by Commission des Titres d'Ingénieur (CTI) to issue engineering diplomas. ESTACA provides high-level engineering education in the five major transportation fields of aviation, aerospace, maritime, automotive, and railways. It has cultivated many elite talents in the transportation field. ESTACA has three campuses located in Paris, Laval, and Bordeaux. The university currently has 2,160 enrolled students, with over 340 graduating each year. 70% of its teachers are active engineers in the industry. It enjoys a high reputation among French engineering schools.


Written by: Fan Hang
Photos by: Di Bailu
Reviewed by: Weng Jingnong
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:331
TITLE:12th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3311.htm
TEXT:
12th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
                

                    Release time：June 29, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On June 25, the 12th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held online. More than 500 young scholars from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Harvard University, University of Oxford, University of Cambridge, Stanford University and other world-class universities attended the forum. Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Changlu, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Gang, and leaders from various schools, institutes and departments attended the opening ceremony of the main forum. The ceremony was hosted by Zhang Yi, Director of Human Resource Department of Beihang University.

In his speech, Zhao Changlu extended warm welcome and sincere greetings to young scholars from home and abroad. He pointed out that Beihang has always taken talent cultivation as the first priority. In the past 70 years, aiming at fostering virtue through education and serving the country’s major needs, Beihang teachers and students have devoted themselves to making contributions in talent cultivation and science and technology innovation, promoting the university’s development in various aspects. This year marks the 70th anniversary of the founding of Beihang University. Beihang has recently convened a conference on talent-related work, put forward Blue Sky Cultivation Action Plan in a New Era, a strategy of developing universities through talent cultivation, and introduced a series of concrete measures, embracing a new chapter of high-quality talent work. He stressed that Beihang is more eager for talent in face of unprecedented opportunities and challenges. He hoped that the Vision Forum would serve as a platform for young scholars to focus on academic frontiers, exchange ideas and show their talents, and that more and more young scholars take this forum as an opportunity to know and join in Beihang, and achieve their careers and dreams. He said that Beihang will always take talent as the foundation of developing the university and continue to implement the strategy of strengthening the university through talent cultivation. Beihang will show its responsibility in building the important global talent center and innovation hub, thus extending welcome to the opening of the Party's 20th National Congress with outstanding achievements and striving to cultivate talent for the Party and the country in the new era.

Prof. Wang Zili, member of Chinese Academy of Engineering announced the winner of the Best Report in the 11th Vision Forum. He hoped that the winners will continue to serve the major needs of the country and devote themselves to teaching and scientific research, making more contributions in their fields, and that they can work together in Beihang, contributing to the innovation and development in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics.
Zhao Gang reviewed the development of Beihang since its birth, introduced the history of the development of Beihang’sschools and colleges, the current situation of the construction and development as well as the future planning and goal of Beihang, and gave a detailed summary of Beihang’s achievements in talent cultivation and sci-tech innovations. He pointed out that Beihang will aim at the nation’s strategic needs and advance strategic layout of the two campuses and the construction of Shahe Campus, and realize the “dual-core development” and the double-wheeled development of talent training and scientific and technological innovation in serving the major national needs and high-level scientific and technological self-reliance. He welcomed young talent to join Beihang and grow together with Beihang.

In the session of special reports, three invited experts delivered cutting-edge reports in related fields. Prof. Wang Zili, Prof. Yang Shubin from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, and Prof. Xu Mai from the School of Electronics and Information Engineering gave their reports respectively. The participants said that they had gained a lot and these reports played a positive guiding role for their future scientific research work.

During the discussion session, Yang Lijun, Zhao Weisheng, Wu Ruilin, Vice Minister of Development Planning Department and Director of Discipline Construction Division, and Prof. Du Yi from the School of Physics, a representative of young talent, introduced the university’s policy in development planning, discipline construction, research platform support and resources guarantee, shared their valuable experience and insights on school selection and personal development, and answered questions of the participants.

In order to implement the university’s strategy of strengthening the university with talent and to realize the talent introduction precisely, the 12th Beihang University Vision Forum has set up 30 online sub-forums, which will be held by each school or institute from June 26, 2022 to July 8, 2022.
Centering on the goal of building a “world-class university with Chinese characteristics” and the international academic frontier, the forum aims to build a platform for young talent from home and abroad to have academic exchanges and display academic achievements. It is closely integrated with the university’s annual recruitment plan to introduce outstanding young talent from home and abroad. Vision Forum has been held for twelve times since December 2016, attracting more than 230 young talent to join Beihang.


Reported by Xue Guoqing
Photographed by Su Dan and Jin Hui
Reviewed by Zhang Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:332
TITLE:Prof. Wang Huiwen Reports on Experience-Based Education
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2365.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Wang Huiwen Reports on Experience-Based Education
                

                    Release time：March 29, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


As a winner of the 2018 Beihang Excellence Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation, Prof. Wang Huiwen from the School of Economics and Management delivered a report about her practice and reflection on experience-based education at the New Main Building on March 25. The event was hosted by Associate Professor Shan Wei, who is in charge of student affairs in the School of Economics and Management, and nearly a hundred students listened to the report.

In a teaching career of 36 years, Prof. Wang has always been combining theory with practice, informing students of the frontiers of the disciplines they are learning about, enhancing their comprehension ability and promoting the spirit of innovation. Because of her care and love for students, dedication to work, sense of responsibility, innovative spirit and charisma, Prof. Wang is referred to as Mother Wang among students who are much influenced and inspired by her.

In her report, Prof. Wang introduced her original aspiration and the process of experience-based education reform, telling her story with the School of Economics and Management and Zhizhen College, one of the six colleges under Beihang School that focuses on supporting freshmen and sophomores. Sharing her thoughts about education and teaching, she firmly believed that the fundamental idea of education is to bring out the longings of students and identify the “pain spots” from the real needs of students.
As she just started to work as Dean of the School of Economics and Management, the class of 2014 also became the first residents of the Shahe Campus. Her talk with the freshmen at that time revealed the problems of confusion, worry and depression shared by students at the beginning of their college years, so she conducted a comprehensive survey among the students, faculty and graduates of the School of Economics and Management. Based on the results, she repeatedly held discussions with leaders and teachers of the school, from which a clear, scientific and effective plan for experience-based education reform gradually came into being.
The reform includes three aspects. The first part is instrumental learning, which helps enrich the students’ experience by providing hands-on learning opportunities at learning bases and key laboratories.The next is interactional learning, which leads to the birth of Mentor Program, a well-known project of undergraduate consultants. The program helps the students learn from the interaction with their seniors and pass on the culture of family among Beihangers. The third part is transformative learning, which aims at the reflection and growth of students through learning and experience as well as the development of scientific spirit and ideals in them.
Stepping down from the position of Dean of School of Economics and Management, Prof. Wang began her career as Dean of Zhizhen College in 2017 and continued to put her ideas of education reform into practice. Zhizhen College not only inherits Mentor Program and High-End Forum from the School of Economics and Management, but also starts the activities to bring familiarity among freshmen and initiates Partner Program. All these measures help cultivate students who have ideals, capabilities and the sense of responsibility and develop the culture of family as well as a good academic atmosphere in Zhizhen College.

According to Prof. Wang, her understanding of the truth of education comes from her students. Therefore, teachers should always follow the principle of “from the students and to the students”, pay attention to the development of the senses of belonging, identity, mission and gain in students, and believe in their pioneering spirit. At the end of the report, she concluded that it was the goodness, sincerity and wonderfulness of students that enlightened her about the value of her work and the meaning of life.

Reported by Zhu Pengyu
Reviewed by Shan Wei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:333
TITLE:Tianmushan Laboratory Unveiled at Hangzhou Innovation Institute of Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3294.htm
TEXT:
Tianmushan Laboratory Unveiled at Hangzhou Innovation Institute of Beihang University
                

                    Release time：June 10, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


On the morning of June 6, the inaugural meeting of Tianmushan Laboratory (Laboratory of Aviation in Zhejiang Province) was held at Hangzhou Innovation Institute of Beihang University, located in Yuhang. Liu Xin, Deputy Secretary of Hangzhou Municipal Committee and Mayor of Hangzhou, Gao Yingzhong, Director of Zhejiang Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Liu Ying, member of the Standing Committee of Hangzhou Municipal Committee and Secretary of Yuhang District Committee, and Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University attended the conference and delivered speeches. Fang Jiancheng, Director of the Academic Committee of Beihang University, Gong Shengkai from the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Beihang University, Xiang Jinwu from the School of Aeronautical Science and Engineering of Beihang University, Li Ling, Director of the Management Committee of Hangzhou City West Science and Technology Innovation Corridor and other heads of relevant departments of Beihang Hangzhou Innovation Institute (Yuhang) and Beihang University, attended the meeting. The conference was hosted by Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University.

In recent years, Beihang has always taken “serving the country” as its highest pursuit, and has striven to combining science and technology, talent and innovation. It aims at creating a top innovation platform and first-class scientific research team. The establishment of Tianmushan Laboratory is another important achievement of the cooperation between Beihang and Zhejiang Provincial People’s Government, and is the further expansion and deepening of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement between Zhejiang Provincial People’s Government and Beihang University signed in June 2016.

It is reported that Tianmushan Laboratory will explore the frontier scientific theories and develop new technologies in the field of aviation, under the support of Sino-French Aviation University (in preparation) and Beihang University. It will carry out cutting-edge research and applied basic research in four major directions: intelligent design of green supersonic civil aircraft, integrated design of green civil aircraft engines, high-performance aviation materials and advanced manufacturing, intelligent flight management and efficient airborne energy synthesis. Focusing on core technologies, the laboratory will breed original innovation accomplishments and strive to be a global leader in the aviation field.


Reported by Wang Qing and Xie Yuqian
Reviewed by Taoyong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:334
TITLE:Beihang Holds Flash Mob to Celebrate 100th Anniversary of CPC’s Founding
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3043.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Flash Mob to Celebrate 100th Anniversary of CPC’s Founding
                

                    Release time：April 13, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


On April 8th, a unique flash mob event was held simultaneously on the two campuses of Beihang University, which officially kicked off the prelude of an education activity themed “Inherit the Love of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and Always Follow the Communist Party”.


A total of more than 3,000 teachers and students on the two campuses participated in the event. They sang along with the leader to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.









An increasing number of people gathered around, took out their mobile phones and participated in the chorus while shooting. They waved the red flags in their hands to follow the melody. Exciting songs wafted over the campus, which expressed the infinite love and blessing to the motherland and the Communist Party.








With this flash mob activity, Beihang sincerely wished the Communist Party forever young and energetic! Happy 100th birthday!






Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Jin Hui, Tian Wenhao, Gao Minghui, Duan Jiayi and Zhu Quan
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Zang Mingming
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:335
TITLE:9th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2882.htm
TEXT:
9th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
                

                    Release time：December 30, 2020 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On December 27, the opening ceremony of the 9th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held online. Among attendees were Beihang Vice President Wang Yunpeng, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Gang, leaders from various schools, representatives of outstanding young scholars, etc. Zhang Yi, Director of Human Resource Department, presided over the ceremony.
In his opening speech, Vice President Wang Yunpeng expressed his sincere congratulations on the successful opening of the forum and warm welcome to all young scholars from home and abroad. He pointed out that Beihang was born for and grows together with the country, and it has always been serving the country's major strategic needs over the past 68 years. With a strong sense of patriotism for serving the nation, Beihangers have made significant contributions in the field of aeronautics and astronautics and will spare no effort to create a more brilliant future. He welcomed young talents from all over the world to join Beihang and seek common development.

Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, provided a comprehensive review of Beihang’s development since its establishment from three aspects, including the original aspiration, scientific and technological innovation, and talent introduction and cultivation. He introduced the historical evolution of the disciplinary construction of the university, the achievements it has made, and the disciplinary planning and development goals in the future. He also gave a detailed account of the scientific and technological innovation in talent cultivation from its initial stage, to the “four modes” in the new century, and to the great achievements in recent years. He sincerely invited talented young people to join the faculty of Beihang and join hands to realize the dream of life.

Following that, Prof. Yang Lijun, Dean of the School of Astronautics and Secretary-General of the discipline cluster of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Prof. Lyu Weifeng, Dean of the School of Computer Science and Engineering and Secretary-General of the discipline cluster of Informatics, Prof. Lyu Guanghong, Dean of the School of Physics and Secretary-General of the discipline cluster of Science, Prof. Long Weiqiu, Dean of the School of Law and Secretary-General of the discipline cluster of Liberal Arts, and Prof. Fan Yubo, Dean of the School of Medical Science and Engineering and Secretary-General of the medical engineering interdisciplinary discipline cluster, detailly introduced the development and future planning of each discipline cluster and the strategy of talent cultivation.

During the interview session, Prof. Liu Mingjie, Dean of the School of Chemistry, Prof. Zhao Lidong, Vice Dean of the School of Materials Science and Engineering, and Prof. Chang Lingqian from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering shared their growth experience in terms of overseas returning, personal development, platform support and resource security, respectively.

Focusing on the international academic frontier, the forum attracts more than 600 young talents from Harvard University, Cambridge University and other world-class universities. This year's event involves 1 main forum and 21 sub-forums, which will be held from December 28, 2020 to January 20, 2021 in succession.

Reported by Guo Jiayi and Wang Fuyin
Reviewed by Zhang Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:336
TITLE:Beihang Wins “Victory Cup” in 12th Challenge Cup Business Plan Competition for College Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2851.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins “Victory Cup” in 12th Challenge Cup Business Plan Competition for College Students
                

                    Release time：December 16, 2020 / 
                


The closing ceremony of the 12th Challenge Cup Business Plan Competition for College Students was held at Northeast Forestry University on December 9. Eight projects of Beihang University entered the national competition, which is the largest number of projects from a single university in the national competition. With the excellent performance of student teams, Beihang nabbed two gold prizes, one silver prize and five bronze prizes, and finally brought home the "Victory Cup" again. In addition, the eight projects were awarded the title of Online Popularity Projects (only 100 projects nationwide were awarded).

Led by Beihang Youth League Committee and supported by all schools and asset companies, this year’s competition fully demonstrates Beihang's approach of cultivating talents, mobilizing the school's hardware and software resources to support students' scientific and technological innovation, and transforming the university's scientific research advantages into talent cultivation advantages.
The Challenge Cup Business Plan Competition for College Students was initiated by the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League in 1999, and has been successfully held every two years for 12 times. Since its launch at the end of June, the 2020 competition has attracted 2,786 universities, including those from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, as well as 179,000 projects and 924,000 participating students, which are the highest numbers ever in the history of the competition.



Reported by Liu Yang
Photographed by Jia Huanting
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yin Ruyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:337
TITLE:Beihang and NSSC Jointly Establish Science & Education Cooperation Center for Space Science
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3384.htm
TEXT:
Beihang and NSSC Jointly Establish Science & Education Cooperation Center for Space Science
                

                    Release time：October 19, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


On October 13, the signing ceremony of a strategic agreement on Science & Education Cooperation Center for Space Science between National Space Science Center (NSSC) of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and Beihang University was held at Ruxin Conference Center of Beihang University. Academician Wang Chi, Director of NSSC, Vice Director of NSSC Zou Ziming, Beihang President Wang Yunpeng, and Vice President Huang Haijun attended the ceremony. The ceremony was chaired by Huang Haijun.

Wang Yunpeng expressed his gratitude to NSSC for its long-term support to Beihang University. As the main force of space science research in China, NSSC has achieved a large number of leading original achievements and made important contributions to China's space development in recent years. He hoped that both sides would take this signing as an opportunity to give full play to their respective advantages and further strengthen their in-depth cooperation in basic research, talent training and international exchanges, so as to make new contributions to the building of a strong space nation.

Wang Chi congratulated Beihang on its achievements in aerospace in recent years, and introduced the history, mission, discipline development and major tasks undertaken by NSSC. He stated that NSSC has always shared a common mission with Beihang, and both sides have maintained a good relationship and a solid foundation for cooperation. He hoped that both sides would draw on each other's strengths in future cooperation, actively promote communication in space science research, interdisciplinary integration, as well as major achievements, carry out practical and efficient cooperation, and make greater contribution to building a scientific and technological nation.

Zou Ziming and Huang Haijun signed the strategic agreement on science and education cooperation on behalf of NSSC of CAS and Beihang University respectively. Based on the principle of “complementary advantages, collaborative innovation and win-win cooperation”, both sides will jointly establish Science & Education Cooperation Center for Space Science to further promote all-round cooperation in scientific research, discipline construction, talent training and international exchanges.

Wang Chi, Zou Ziming, Wang Yunpeng and Huang Haijun jointly inaugurated Science & Education Cooperation Center for Space Science. Wang Yunpeng presented appointment letters to its Director, Deputy Director and Assistant Director.



Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:338
TITLE:5th Sino-French Workshop on Digital Factory and Digital Manufacturing Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2249.htm
TEXT:
5th Sino-French Workshop on Digital Factory and Digital Manufacturing Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：November 20, 2019 / Ren Chenjie
                


The 5th Sino-French Workshop on Digital Factory and Digital Manufacturing which was jointly hosted by the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation of Beihang University and S.mart was held at Beihang from Nov. 13 to 15. This workshop was presided by Prof. Qiao Lihong from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation and Nabil Anwer, Deputy-Director of S.mart.
The workshop attracted more than 100 experts and scholars to participated in, including related scholars of digitization and smart manufacturing, professors and experts from French famous engineering schools, French Embassy in China, Airbus, Tsinghua University, etc.
The opening speeches were delivered by Zhao Gang, Vice-Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, and Prof. Marc Zolghadri, Deputy-Director of S.mart. Prof. Liu Jihong from the School of School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation and Prof. Alain Bernard from the French Academy of Technologies made reports on the workshop. Special reports were delivered by IT specialist Luc Moreaufrom French Embassy in China, Prof. Xu Ye, Vice-Dean of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, Researcher Liu Jinshan from Beijing Spacecrafts Manufacturing Factory, Dr. Xavier Vauvelle from Airbus. The workshop was funded by Beihang University, S.mart, Airbus and French Embassy in China.
With the theme of “Smart Manufacturing and Digital Transformation”, the 5th workshop focused on the new features, tendencies and technologies in areas of future digital manufacturing and digital factory. Experts and scholars carried out discussion around topics like the network cooperation-based smart manufacturing, service systems for the management of product lifespan, pattern-based systems engineering, digital twins, smart technologies in additive manufacturing and so on. Over 20 reports were made by experts and scholars from China and France. Besides, they also made extensive and profound communication on the engineering education for smart manufacturing, the cultivation of postgraduate and exchanges between teachers and students. During the workshop, they also visited the NDT and Advance Intelligent Manufacturing Laboratory of School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation and the Siemens Digital Experience Center.

The 5th workshop not only prompts the exchange of smart manufacturing technologies but also strengthens the teaching and scientific research cooperation between Beihang University and French universities and enterprises. Hitherto, the Sino-French Workshop on Digital Factory and Digital Manufacturing has been successfully held for the fifth time. Both sides agreed that the workshop will be an important form to deepen the cutting-edge research of digital manufacturing and digital factory in smart manufacturing. As a significant approach to promote and broaden the international cooperation and improve the international influence, it will effectively accelerate the discipline construction and development in China and France.


Reported by Xu Xinzheng
Photographed by Li Yue
Reviewed by Cong Baoqiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:339
TITLE:Opening Ceremony of 2019 IGSS Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2301.htm
TEXT:
Opening Ceremony of 2019 IGSS Held
                

                    Release time：July 8, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


 
On the morning of July 3, the opening ceremony of 2019 International Graduate Summer School in Aeronautics and Astronautics (2019 IGSS) was held in the Conference Center of New Main Building. It was attended by Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, staff members in charge of the summer school from Graduate School and International Division, experts scheduled to deliver lectures, young teachers working as advisers for the students, as well as more than 90 graduate students from all over the world.
Vice President Tao first delivered a speech in which he reviewed the history of Beihang University and IGSS. According to him, 2019 IGSS had a theme of “integrating and innovating in aeronautics, astronautics, informatics and medicine” and a focus on the intersection, cooperation and innovation in aeronautic and astronautic research. Nearly 100 outstanding teachers and students gathered for the summer school to have academic discussions, compete in teams, visit laboratories, attend lectures on cutting-edge topics, exchange ideas and fulfill their potential for innovation. They were expected to improve their ability to communicate across disciplines and think critically, laying the foundation for the worldwide “collaborative innovation” in the field of aeronautics and astronautics.

Vice President Tao delivered an address
Ana Vieira, a doctoral student from Delft University of Technology and representative of international students, spoke of her gratitude to IGSS for its positive role in the international academic cultural exchanges and her wish to know more about the innovation and coordinated development of aeronautic and astronautic technology in different culture regions. Zhang Yufei, a graduate student from the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering and representative of domestic students, welcomed all the international students and expressed his expectation of the academic activities provided by the summer school.

Student representatives gave speeches
Song Xiaodong, Director of the Division of Graduate Affairs Management of Graduate School, introduced the curriculum, schedule and relative points for attention of the summer school.
After the opening ceremony, Prof. Gerold Baier from the Department of Cell and Developmental Biology of University College London delivered a lecture titled “The Control of Brain Dynamics—A Synthetic Approach”. Prof. Liu Zhiqi from the School of Materials Science and Engineering and Dr. Zhao Anmin from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering also shared their academic interest in speeches titled “Electric-Field Controlled Information Storage Device” and “Key Technology Innovation and Engineering Application of Low Altitude Long Time (LALT) UAV” respectively.

Scholars gave lectures
Based on the graduate education resources of Beihang University, International Graduate Summer School in Aeronautics and Astronauticsis aims to facilitate the exchange of academic ideas between Beihang graduate students and international students and enhance their potential for innovation by means of seminars, academic reports, themed competitions and so on. Since 2011, it has been held eight times and attended by over 800 domestic and overseas graduate students, who not only learned knowledge and had cultural interactions but also gained true friendships. Learning from the experience, the 2019 IGSS focuses on the hot topics in relevant fields, increases the proportion of students from world-class universities and invites influential Chinese and foreign scholars to deliver lectures. These moves help improve the influence of IGSS and promote Beihang’s development into an open and multidisciplinary research university featuring the integration of aeronautics, astronautics and informatics.

Group photo of all participants in the opening ceremony


Reported by Liu Yuntao
Photographed by Yu Chang and Zhang Xinyue
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:340
TITLE:Signing and Unveiling Ceremony for Beihang-Huawei Joint Innovation Center Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3233.htm
TEXT:
Signing and Unveiling Ceremony for Beihang-Huawei Joint Innovation Center Held
                

                    Release time：December 21, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On the morning of December 15, the Signing and Unveiling Ceremony for Beihang-Huawei Joint Innovation Center was held. Xu Wenwei, Director of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Huawei) and Dean of the Strategic Research Institute, along with other members, visited Beihang University. Lyu Weifeng, Vice President of Beihang University, presided over the event.

Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, extended her warm welcome and said that Huawei has become a role model for Chinese industries with its achievements in recent years. Since the day Beihang was founded, the spirit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics has been inherited by generations of Beihangers and Beihang has cultivated many first-class talents and made great contribution to the country’s development in high-level technologies. Cao stressed that substantive progress have been made in many aspects since the strategic cooperation agreement was signed between Beihang and Huawei last year. She hoped the two sides can grasp this opportunity to work together on the cutting-edge science and technology, talent cultivation and other aspects, so as to contribute to building our country with great power in science and technology.

Xu Wenwei said it is very glad to see the cooperation between Huawei and Beihang has entered a new stage. Huawei is devoted to exploring cutting-edge technologies and attaches great significance to talent cultivation. Beihang always enjoys its significant advantage in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics and information science. The two sides share a good foundation for fruitful cooperation. He hoped that both sides can actively explore new models for school-enterprise cooperation and strengthen cooperation in key areas to make breakthroughs and cultivate innovative talents, and work together to make world-leading scientific and technological advances.

At this ceremony, Su Donglin, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and professor at Research Institute for Frontier Science, and Ren Huasheng, Director of Huawei Electromagnetism and Protection Laboratory, signed the joint innovation cooperation agreement on electromagnetic compatibility and antenna measurement on behalf of Beihang and Huawei respectively. Zhao Weisheng, Executive Deputy Dean of the Graduate School of Beihang University and Lin Jiangyan, Director of the North Research Division of Huawei HiSilicon signed the agreement on Integrated Circuits Joint Laboratory on behalf of both parties. The signing ceremonies were witnessed by Xu Wenwei, Director of Huawei and Dean of the Strategic Research Institute, Chang Sheng, Dean of Huawei Beijing Research Institute, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, and Lyu Weifeng, Vice President of Beihang University.


Xu Wenwei, Chang Sheng, Ren Huasheng, Cao Shumin, Lyu Weifeng and Su Donglin inaugurated the Joint Laboratory for Electromagnetic Compatibility and Antenna Measurement. Xu Wenwei, Chang Sheng, Lin Jiangyan, Cao Shumin, Lyu Weifeng and Zhao Weisheng inaugurated the Joint Laboratory for Integrated Circuits.


Following that, the two parties had in-depth exchanges and discussions on cutting-edge technological innovation and scientific and technological cooperation.

Reported by Hu Yiwen
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Rdited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:341
TITLE:Consulting Event Held to Help Class of 2022 Choose Their Majors
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2327.htm
TEXT:
Consulting Event Held to Help Class of 2022 Choose Their Majors
                

                    Release time：May 24, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


A consulting event was held for the Class of 2022, who were admitted and have been cultivated according to their aptitude for and interest in general academic disciplines, to help them obtain more information for their decision about their majors.
The event took place on May 19 at the multi-purpose gym at Shahe campus, with over 3,100 participants. Among them were Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang, Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee, representatives from relevant competent departments, Beihang School and the schools that fall within the general categories of informatics, aeronautics and astronautics as well as the Experimental Class of Science and the Experimental Class of Social Sciences, the freshmen of Beihang School and some of their parents.

For this event, each school involved sent a team to provide in-depth and detailed answers to the questions proposed by the freshmen and their parents. The team was led by its Dean and Secretary of the Party Committee and mainly consisted of professors with outstanding academic achievements. In addition, the promotional videos of the schools were played in turn on the large screens situated at the two sides of the gym, showing their vitality and features. Pieces of work in drones, racing cars, biomedicine and so on were also put on display on the spot.


As Mr. Huang and Mr. Zhao visited every stand, they exchanged ideas with the teachers about the cultivation plans of different majors and talked with students and parents to understand their doubts and needs for information.
At the stands, the students raised questions one after another about the advantages, featured courses and future directions of the majors, and the teachers gave vivid answers by combining relevant cutting-edge knowledge, exhibits and examples from everyday life.


The event helped enhance the freshmen’s understanding of majors, schools and their wider range of choices, motivating them to study harder and the schools to cultivate them better. It laid a good foundation for their decision on majors.
Cao Yueran, a student of Fengru College, considered the biggest advantage of the cultivation model in which the freshmen could choose courses from general categories as a solution to the “blind” choice of major made when they took the national college entrance exam. “This model provides us with a one-year period during which we inform ourselves of the courses, future employment and cultivation plans of the majors we are interested in through various approaches offered by the university and the colleges,” said Cao.


Xiao Yisong, a student of Shie College, offered a specific example for the informatics category: “We have courses related to the majors we can choose, covering electronic design, engineering graphics, programming and so on. We also have introductory courses to software, cyberspace security and other topics, which are designed by five schools. These courses inform us of the learning content and research directions of the majors. Besides, our college invites some of the biggest names in the industry and the academia as well as celebrated teachers to deliver lectures on their researches or understanding of the industry, which helps us gain better knowledge of the majors and the future development. Our instructors also show us around the laboratories and explain their studies to us.”

According to a parent of a student of Shoue College, the cultivation model “provides more opportunities and platforms to the freshmen and helps them choose the major they like on a basis of full knowledge and interest”.

To improve the students’ understanding of the majors and the guidance provided to them, the colleges and schools have also held a diversity of activities, such as Dean Forum and School Opening Day, to publicize the majors. For example, Shie College held a series of lectures, in which the deans and teachers were invited to have face-to-face talks with the students to help them make a reasonable choice. Fengru College, Shijia College and Shoue College held a publicity week for aeronautic and astronautic majors, which involved visits to materials laboratories and astronautic enterprises, a showing of aeronautics-related films, a video about reliability made of clips from over 100 blockbusters, exhibitions of smart transportation and the scientific and technological innovations in the field of medicine, face-to-face talks with influential experts in instrumentation, etc. The Dean Forum of Zhizhen College introduced disciplines of economy, management, mathematics, physics, space, environment and so on in a fascinating way, and that of Zhixing College provided the most authoritative information about the majors.
Schools whose majors are available to the freshmen of Beihang College:
Informatics: School of Electronic and Information Engineering, School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, School of Computer Science and Engineering, School of Software, School of Cyberspace Security, and School of Microelectronics.
Aeronautics and Astronautics: School of Materials Science and Engineering, School of Energy and Power Engineering, School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, School of Transportation Science and Engineering, School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, School of Astronautics, Flight College, and School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering.
The Experimental Class of Science: School of Economics and Management, School of Mathematics and Systems Science, School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering, School of Chemistry, and School of Space and Environment.
The Experimental Class of Social Sciences: School of Humanities and Social Sciences (School of Public Administration), School of Foreign Languages, School of Law, Institute for Advanced Studies in Humanities and Social Sciences.

Written by Liang Jingyu and Zhang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Liu Quqi and Su Xiangyu
Reviewed by Yu Min and Fan Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:342
TITLE:Beihang Signs Joint Doctorate Cooperation Agreement with Université de Montréal
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2562.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Joint Doctorate Cooperation Agreement with Université de Montréal
                

                    Release time：January 24, 2018 / Li Siying
                


On January 22, Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, signed an agreement with his counterpart of Université de Montréal, Guy Lefebvre, on a joint doctorate cultivation program between the two universities. The signing ceremony was witnessed by Philippe Couillard, the premier of the Canadian province of Quebec, and John McCallum, the Canadian Ambassador in China.
According to the agreement, the two universities will collaborate on doctorate programs in the future. The students are expected to be cultivated by advisors from both universities, and earn their doctor’s degrees from both when meeting the standards.


During the signing ceremony, Vice President Huang Haijun held a talk with Mr. Guy Lefebvre and Christophe Guy, Vice President of Concordia University. They exchanged views and reached a consensus on how to promote bilateral collaboration of talent cultivation and discipline construction.
Established in 1878 in Montreal, Université de Montréal is a world-class university and has currently 66,506 students as well as 2,800 teachers and researchers, consisting of 15 schools and 2 affiliated colleges (HEC Montréal and Polytechnique Montréal). It ranks 108th in THE World University Rankings of 2018. The university has signed a school-level memorandum of cooperation with Beihang University concerning scientific research and talent cultivation.
  
Reported by Cao Qizheng
Edited by Kong Xiangming and Li Siying
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:343
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Two First Prizes in NCDA2022
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3395.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Two First Prizes in NCDA2022
                

                    Release time：November 1, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


Recently, students from the Department of Industrial Design of the School of Mechanical Engineering & Automation at Beihang University have won two first prizes, one third prize and one excellent prize in the National Finals of the 10th National College Digital Art & Design Awards (NCDA2022). Besides, in the previous regional finals in Beijing, 23 awards were nabbed by Beihang, including six first prizes, ten second prizes, and seven third prizes. Beihang University was also honored the excellent organization award, and four teachers from the School of Mechanical Engineering & Automation, including Chen Lu, Wang Yun, Wang Xin, and Yin Hu, were awarded “Excellent Supervisor” prize.

The first prize winning entry: Product Service System for Autism Stakeholders
Sponsored by the Talent Exchange Center of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and supported by the learning platform “Xue Xi Qiang Guo”, the NCDA competition adheres to the concept of “designing for the people and nurturing future designers”, attracting over one million students to participate.
The Department of Industrial Design has been actively exploring a unique teaching mode characterized by both practice-oriented and creative development, aiming at cultivating multi-skilled talent capable of handling complexities in the future through product innovation and industry-academy integration. The mode mixes “industry and art” and crosses various disciplines, guiding the development of complex product systems and designs of intelligent equipment, sustainability, and public services. The design competition is an important way to improve teaching quality. Over the years, teachers and students of the Department have worked together, achieving great success in design competitions at home and abroad.


Reported by Zhang Zipeng
Reviewed by Zhang Zhigang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:344
TITLE:Beihang Holds 1st Laser-Run Event
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3161.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds 1st Laser-Run Event
                

                    Release time：September 29, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


On September 25, the 1st Beihang Laser-Run event, sponsored by Sports Department, was held successfully in the ground track field of Xueyuan Road Campus. Vice-Chairman of Laser-Run Branch of Federation of University Sports of Beijing Dai Xiong, and Deputy Secretary-General Yang Yong were invited to attend the event.


A total of 192 student athletes of 48 teams from 23 schools in Beihang, and 35 volunteers from the School of Computer Science and Engineering participated in the competition.
At 9:00 in the morning, as the starting gun sounded, the race, a mixed relay competition of running and shooting, officially kicked off. All athletes sprinted and competed fiercely when running, and showed great composure when shooting. The enthusiasm of Beihang students lit up the whole track field, where laughter, cheering and shouting echoed endlessly.
After fierce competition, teams from FengRu College, the School of Integrated Circuit Science and Engineering, Shijia College, the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, the School of Cyber Science and Technology, the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, and the School of Foreign Languages won the top eight places in this competition.

Laser-Run, a combination of running and shooting, was brought forth by Union Internationale de Pentathlon Moderne (UIPM) after the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. The competition format and rules are novel and unique, and its process is full of suspense. It not only embodies the philosophical idea of “combination of dynamic and static”, but also enhances the individual’s mental and physical ability to maintain concentration in the face of stress and difficulties.


Reported by Wang Xueyuan
Reviewed by Su Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:345
TITLE:11th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3236.htm
TEXT:
11th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
                

                    Release time：December 31, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On December 25, the 11th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held both online and offline in Vision Hotel Beijing. Among on-site attendees were more than 30 outstanding doctors from Tsinghua University, Peking University and other renowned universities in China, and top sci-tech leaders and young talents from Beihang University. More than 600 young scholars from Havard University, University of Oxford, University of Cambridge, Stanford University and other world-class universities attended the forum online. Beihang Vice President Wang Yunpeng, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Gang, and leaders from various schools, institutes and departments attended the opening ceremony of the main forum which was hosted by Zhang Yi, Director of Human Resource Department.

In his speech, Wang Yunpeng extended warm welcome and sincere greetings to young scholars from home and abroad. He pointed out that Beihang, as one of the first-tier universities of higher education, has always taken talent cultivation as the first priority. In the past 69 years, Beihang has trained many talents who have made great contribution to the country. In recent years, Beihang has deepened institutional reforms on talent development and established faculty development and appraisal system on a categorized basis. Wang noted that in the future, Beihang will continue to implement the strategy of strengthening the university with talents in the new era and make greater contributions to the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. He hoped that young talents can take this opportunity to focus on the academic frontier and fully display their talents, and realize their dreams through this forum.

Zhao Gang reviewed the development of Beihang since its birth, introduced the history of the development of Beihang’s colleges and institutes, the current situation of the construction and development as well as the future planning and goal of Beihang, and gave a detailed summary of Beihang’s achievements in talent cultivation and sci-tech innovations. He pointed out that Beihang will aim at the nation’s strategic needs and advance strategic layout in disciplines of the two campus and the construction of Shahe Campus, and realize the “dual-core development” and the double-wheeled development of talent training and scientific and technological innovation in serving the major national needs and high-level scientific and technological self-reliance. He welcomed young talents to join Beihang and grow together with Beihang.

In the session of special reports, three invited experts delivered reports on the cutting-edge technology in related fields. Prof. Qian Depei, member of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Prof. Donald Bruce Dingwell, member of both German National Academy of Sciences and German National Academy of Science and Technology, and Professor Hu Dianyin, Executive Vice President and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Aero Engine Research Institute gave their reports respectively. Young talents attending the meeting said that they had gained a lot and these reports played a positive guiding role for their future scientific research work.



During the panel discussion session, Prof. Wu Ruilin, Vice Minister of Development Planning Department and Director of Discipline Construction Division, Prof. Yang Lijun, Dean of Institute of Science and Technology and Dean of the School of Astronautics, Prof. Zhao Weisheng, Executive Vice Dean of Graduate School, Prof. Gong Yongji, Vice Dean of the School of Materials Science and Engineering, and Prof. Guan Zhenyu, Assistant Dean of the School of Cyberspace Security, introduced the university’s policy in development planning, discipline construction, research platform support and resource guarantee, shared their valuable experience and insights on school selection and personal development, and answered questions of the participants.

In the afternoon, three sub-forums for outstanding doctors were held simultaneously in each conference room. Participating doctors, experts and young teachers had exchanges and discussions on cutting-edge and hot issues in their respective fields.


In order to implement the university’s the strategy of strengthening the university with talents and to realize the talent introduction, the 11th Beihang University Vision Forum has set up 29 online sub-forums, which will be held by each college or institute from December 26, 2021 to January 14, 2022.
Centering on the goal of building a “world-class university with Chinese characteristics” and the international academic frontier, the forum aims to build a platform for young talents from home and abroad to have academic exchanges and display academic achievements. It is closely integrated with the university’s annual recruitment plan to introduce outstanding young talents from home and abroad. Since December 2016, it has been held for ten years, attracting more than 220 young talents to join Beihang.


Reported by Xue Guoqing
Reviewed by Zhang Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:346
TITLE:5th Soft Computing Days：A Bilateral China-Italy Workshop Held 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2268.htm
TEXT:
5th Soft Computing Days：A Bilateral China-Italy Workshop Held
                

                    Release time：October 14, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


From Oct. 1 to 4, the 5th Soft Computing Days: A Bilateral China-Italy Workshop, hosted by the School of Mathematical Sciences of Beihang University and organized by the College of Mathematics and Information Science of Jiangxi Normal University, was held in Nanchang. Over 60 experts and scholars from 30 universities at home and abroad, including the University of Salerno, the University of Genoa, the University of Bucharest, Sichuan University, Beijing University of Technology, Sun Yat-Sen University, Beihang University, Jiangxi Normal University, etc., contributed to and attended the workshop. Twenty academic reports as well as a special round-table conference for cooperation and exchange between China and Italy were scheduled for this conference.

On the morning of Oct.2, the workshop was officially opened. Prof. Wang Zejia, Vice Dean of the College of Mathematics and Information Science of Jiangxi Normal University, delivered an enthusiastic speech in English, in which he briefly introduced the history and status quo of the development of the college, warmly welcomed the experts and scholars from home and abroad, and congratulated the conference beforehand on its success. Prof. Yang Yichuan, Managing Director of China Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics and Vice President of the School of Mathematical Sciences of Beihang University, made an opening speech entitled "Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow of Soft Computing Days".
During the workshop, experts and scholars had in-depth exchanges and heated discussions on several research fields related to soft computing and other fields such as logic algebra, rough set, fuzzy set, semigroup, operations research and optimization, economic mathematics, environmental mathematics, granularity computing and soft computing application. Some issues realted to the sixth and seventh workshops which will be held in Italy in 2020 and in China in 2021 respectively, as well as the reform and development of the journal Soft Computing, were also discussed at the conference.
The workshop provides a platform for domestic and foreign scholars who are engaged in the research of soft computing and applied mathematics to fully exchange their academic knowledge and display their latest research results.
 
 
Reported by Zhao Xueting and Gan Aiping
Photographed by Duo Kai
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:347
TITLE:Second Beihang-UIUC Faculty Development Workshop Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2304.htm
TEXT:
Second Beihang-UIUC Faculty Development Workshop Held
                

                    Release time：July 3, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


The Second Beihang-UIUC Faculty Development Workshop was held at Beihang University from June 17th to 26th, attended by 122 faculty members from 30 different schools of Beihang and 18 teachers from Beijing Institute of Technology, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Harbin Engineering University and Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. Cheelan Bo-Linn, Head of Instructional Development at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) was invited to host seminar on advanced teaching methods in the workshop.

The participants of the basic class at Beihang-UIUC Faculty Development Workshop
Lasting for five days, the workshop included a basic class and an advanced class for faculty development. The basic class focused on the design, interaction, innovation and review of courses, programs, in-class teaching and educational philosophy, while the advanced class emphasized in-depth discussions on practical topics like how to lead students to a hyper-focus state of learning, how to strengthen students’ learning motivation, the effect of tests and grading system in learning and the question-oriented learning strategy.
The participants considered the workshop as a rewarding experience and promised to apply the methods they had learned in their teaching practice.

The participants of the advanced class at Beihang-UIUC Faculty Development Workshop
The workshop was organized under the joint effort of the International Division and the Academic Office of Beihang University. For two consecutive years, experts from UIUC have been invited to the workshop, so as to spread advanced educational philosophy and teaching methods as well as benefit domestic faculty members by enhancing their teaching ability and broadening their international scope. Cheelan Bo-Linn, the main lecturer at the workshop, is the head of Instructional Development in the Center for Teaching Excellence (CTE) at the UIUC. Being the counselor for various organizations and institutes including National Science Foundation (NSF), United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and Fulbright Scholarship, she is experienced in the fields of faculty development training and teaching method development.
 
Reported by Chen Chao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:348
TITLE:Solution to Monkey Spinal Cord Injury Proposed by Prof. Li Xiaoguang’s Team
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2524.htm
TEXT:
Solution to Monkey Spinal Cord Injury Proposed by Prof. Li Xiaoguang’s Team
                

                    Release time：June 13, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, the medical challenge of repairing spinal cord injury (SCI) of adult non-human primates was solved by the team led by Prof. Li Xiaoguang from Beihang University, Prof. Sun Yi from Tongji Hospital of Tongji University and Prof. Yang Zhaoyang from Capital Medical University. Having worked on this issue for over 20 years, they proved that their self-developed bioactive material could improve the microenvironment of the injury and elicit long-distance cortical spinal tract (CST) regeneration in adult rhesus monkeys. The regenerated tract could bypass the injury and establish a functional neural network with the spinal cord of the host, facilitating the recovery from paraplegia. The research was published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (PNAS) on May 29.  


Fig. 1 The research published in PNAS  
120,000 new cases of SCI emerge in China and 17,000 cases in America each year. This illness often strikes young adults and causes impairment in sensory, motor, and autonomic functions, neuropathic pain, rigor, etc. For adult primates, SCI not only damages the original anatomical structure of spinal cord and causes cell death but also triggers secondary injuries due to inflammation, demyelination, hyperplasia of glial cells and so on. As a result, all parts of the body below the injury will lose their functions.
Effective methods to intervene in or repair SCI have not been found. In the past decades, progresses have been made in treating central nervous system injury and neurodegenerative diseases with endogenous neural stem cells, which can differentiate into neurons continuously. These neurons can participate in the formation of new neural circuits, restoring some functions after nerve injury. However, researches in this direction are limited to activation and recruitment of such cells in brain. 

Fig. 2 Improvement of animal walking behavior after NT3-chitosan treatment  
In 2015, the team found that the endogenous neural stem cells in the central nervous system of adult rodents could be activated, recruited and then migrate to the injury area, where they differentiate into mature neurons, integrate into the existing neural circuits of the host and eventually lead to the functional recovery from paraplegia. This study solved the problem of long-distance growth of central nervous system axons and provided a new theory of central nervous system regeneration.  
The team is the first one around the world to propose the theory of incubating adult endogenous stem cells. In this theory, the researchers regard the incubation of endogenous stem cells as breeding and compare the injury in brain or spinal cord icentral nervous system as soil, which is usually filled with various inflammatory factors and inhibiting factors and suffers from edema and hypoxia, just like saline and alkaline land, and they consider the neural stem cells in these parts as seeds in dormancy. The bioactive material developed by the team can control the release of neurotrophic factors in long term, improving the “soil” and activating the “seeds”. The endogenous neural stem cells then migrate to the injury and differentiate into mature neurons, and these new neurons can form functional neural circuits with host cells and restore the functions.

Fig. 3 Histological analyses demonstrating NT3-chitosan elicited de novo neural tissue reconstruction
after a severe case of SCI
In rhesus monkeys with SCI, the researchers used NT3-chitosan, a bioactive and biodegradable material, to elicit robust de novo neural regeneration, including long-distance axonal growth of cortical motor neurons in the cortical spinal tract as well as sensory and motor functional recovery. They utilized a series of minimally invasive measures, such as fMRI, magnetic resonance diffusion tensor imaging and kinematics walking analyses, to assess the experiment results. The latest research proves the success of treating spinal cord injury with the biomaterial in non-human primate SCI models and provides a solid foundation for its potential clinical application.

Fig. 4 Assessment of the paper by Prof. Thomas C. Südhof, a Nobel Laureate in Physiology or Medicine in 2013 
 
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:349
TITLE:Delegation Led by President of the Chinese University of Hong Kong Visits Beihang, Renewing Cooperation Agreement
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2555.htm
TEXT:
Delegation Led by President of the Chinese University of Hong Kong Visits Beihang, Renewing Cooperation Agreement
                

                    Release time：February 28, 2018 / Liu Xinrui
                


On February 12, a delegation led by Prof. Duan Chongzhi, President of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, visited Beihang University. Beihang President Xu Huibin and Vice President Huang Haijun and Fang Jiancheng warmly received the delegation in Ruxin Convention Center. Leaders from the International Division, the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, the School of Economics and Management, the School of Humanities and Social Sciences and the School of Law also attended the meeting.


President Xu Huibin welcomed the delegation and congratulated President Duan Chongzhi on his new appointment. According to him, Beihang attaches great importance to the cooperation with the Chinese University of Hong Kong, and looks forward to deepening the cooperation in the future. President Duan Chongzhi expressed thanks for the warm reception, reviewed the achievements that the two universities have made since the establishment of their cooperation, and said that they will continue to promote the cooperation in various ways. Later, Vice President Huang Haijun introduced the overall conditions of Beihang from the aspects of teaching, scientific researches and international cooperation as well as the developments of Beihang in recent years. During the meeting, the two sides reached consensus on deepening existing cooperation, developing further cooperation in new subjects, strengthening the exchanges between students, carrying out student exchange programs, etc.
  
After the meeting, the two universities renewed the Academic Exchange Agreement between Beihang University and the Chinese University of Hong Kong and the Cooperation Agreement for Medical Engineering Joint Research Center between Beihang University and the Chinese University of Hong Kong. The delegation also visited laboratories of the School of Biomedical Engineering and Lunar Palace 1.
  
Founded in 1963, the Chinese University of Hong Kong is one of the best research universities in Hong Kong and the only university that implements a college system in Hong Kong. The university now has eight faculties, nine colleges and more than 70 departments. Also, it has strong scientific research ability and currently has five national key laboratories. The Chinese University of Hong Kong ranks 46th in the 2018 QS World University Rankings.  
  
Edited by Yu MinTranslated by Liu Xinrui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:350
TITLE:Ji Pengcheng Invited to Deliver Aesthetic Education Lecture at Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3435.htm
TEXT:
Ji Pengcheng Invited to Deliver Aesthetic Education Lecture at Beihang University
                

                    Release time：February 27, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On the afternoon of February 22, Ji Pengcheng, executive curator of the China Millennium Monument Art Museum, deputy secretary-general of China Artists Association Curatorial Committee, and vice president of Beijing Museum Society, was invited to give a lecture on aesthetic education and new lifestyles at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall, attractting over 400 teachers and students.

During the lecture, Ji illustrated how aesthetic education gradually became intertwined with many fields such as urban renewal, art market, commercial real estate, rural construction, culture-tourism integration, and national image promotion, beyond the mere demands of the art circle. He further analyzed its positive contributions in different periods and contexts. Aesthetic education’s relation with society as well as its potential new effects on public areas were also explored, based on recent practical cases in communities and public spaces.

Qian Zheng, director of Academic Affairs Department, Shen Xukun, dean of the School of New Media Art and Design and director of Aesthetic Education Center, and Wang Qun, secretary of the School of New Media Art and Design received Ji in the VIP room before the lecture, conducting an in-depth exchange with him on the cooperation of "Beihang University-China Millennium Monument" base.

In December 2022, Beihang University and the China Millennium Monument signed an agreement to establish the "Beihang University-China Millennium Monument" aesthetic education base, based on which a series of personnel training projects, including internship and practical training projects, personnel cultivation projects, cultural and artistic projects, would be carried out jointly by the two sides. This lecture marks the first event to implement this agreement, advancing the construction of the base while promoting bilateral communications.

As a vital platform for the university to carry out aesthetic education and further explore new channels, Beihang Aesthetic Education Lecture Hall will invite well-known experts and scholars to deliver a series of high-quality lectures, feasting both teachers and students with beauty. The Aesthetic Education Center places emphasis on the synchronized development between teaching and practicing and the combination of in-class theory-acquiring and extracurricular practicing, which is conducive to thoroughly integrating aesthetic education resources, promoting student’s overall competency, and building a new pattern of aesthetic education at Beihang University featuring vitality, cooperation, openness, and efficiency.



Reported by Gao Rui
Reviewed by Shen Xukun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:351
TITLE:2020 Beihang New Year Gala for Postgraduate Students Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2222.htm
TEXT:
2020 Beihang New Year Gala for Postgraduate Students Held
                

                    Release time：January 3, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On the night of December 29, the 2020 New Year Gala for Postgraduate Students, hosted by the Graduate School and co-organized by the Graduate Student Union, took place at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall at Xueyuan Road Campus, attracting over 800 teachers and students.

The show kicked off with the vibrant band performance. In the first part, an enthusiastic song “Sun”, a marvelous solo dance “The Eternal Wave ”, an impressive magic show and a duet for violin and cello “He’s a Pirate” were staged and received resounding applause from the audience.


The invigorated atmosphere was intensified as the show entered the second part. Dances “Dalla” and “Kill This Love”, a witty cross-talk and an enchanting song set the stage ablaze.
As the night progressed, the gala reached its culmination in the last part with intoxicating songs and the humorous play “Globalization”. At nine o’clock in the evening, the impressive gala came to a successful end with the joyous dance performance “My People and My Country”, which conveyed the students’ deepest love and passion for the motherland.


Since the preliminary selection of gala acts started, graduate students from various schools have showed great enthusiasm for participation. After careful selection and meticulous rehearsal, the amazing line-up of 12 specific acts made a magnificent evening for the audience, showcasing graduate students’ vitality and talents.


Reported by Wang Tengjiao
Photographed by Zhang Xinyue, Chen Yuchuan and Li Kangjie
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:352
TITLE:Delegation from Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2556.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：February 13, 2018 / He Siying
                


On January 31, the delegation of teachers and students from Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas, about twenty members, visited Beihang University. Lu Ying, Deputy Director of International Division, warmly welcomed them in Chenxing theatre located in Zhixing North Wing. 
In a friendly atmosphere, Ms. Lu briefly presented an overview of Beihang. She noted that Beihang had been attaching great importance to cooperating with Latin American elite universities and looked forward to more communications in the future. 


Han Liyan, a professor from the School of Economics and Management, gave a lecture entitled “Chinese Economy in the New Normal”. With rich data and detailed information, Prof. Han introduced the current economic development in China, as well as the opportunities and challenges. This lecture gained applause from the delegation. 
Founded in 1994, Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas is a comprehensive private university in Lima, the capital of Peru. Its educational philosophy is to cultivate talents with academic theoretical knowledge, practical skills and positive working attitude. Application-oriented disciplines are mainly adopted in its professional settings, including architecture, management, communications, modern art, design, engineering, health, humanities, news, and law. Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas ranks third among Peru’s universities. 
Released by Cao QizhengTranslated by He Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:353
TITLE:ICAO Delegation Visits Beihang for Deep Cooperation
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2559.htm
TEXT:
ICAO Delegation Visits Beihang for Deep Cooperation
                

                    Release time：February 2, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Delegates of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) visited Beihang University on the morning of January 29th, seeking deep cooperation between the two sides.

Steve Creamer, Director of the Air Navigation Bureau of ICAO, and Wang Yong, ICAO’s Chief of Airport Operations and Infrastructure, were received by Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University. Mr. Huang welcomed them and introduced the basic information, features and advantages of Beihang. He also expressed the university’s intention to develop all-round cooperation with ICAO and deepen the collaboration in education and research.
Mr. Creamer thanked Mr. Huang for his warm reception and hoped that the two sides could carry on with the efforts to achieve substantive and deep cooperation on the basis of previous talks.
At the meeting, the two sides reviewed the progress they had achieved, and had an in-depth discussion with regard to characteristic aviation education, exchange of talents, joint training programs, collaborative research into big data and artificial intelligence, joint efforts in holding international conferences, etc. Besides, they exchanged ideas and reached a consensus on further cooperation in interdisciplinary fields and other disciplines.
The meeting was also joined by representatives from the International Division, the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Economics and Management, the College of Continuing Education, the School of Cyberspace Security, National Key Laboratory of Communications, Navigation and Surveillance Systems for Air Traffic Management, and National Research Center of Air Traffic Management Law and Standard.
Besides the meeting, the ICAO delegates also visited the relevant laboratories at Beihang University.
ICAO is a specialized agency of the United Nations in aviation, determining international civil aviation Standards and Recommended Practices (SARPs) and policies. Its headquarters is located in Montreal, Canada. China is a PART I member of ICAO Council. In 2018, ICAO will hold the Next Generation of Aviation Professionals (NGAP) Global Summit with Beihang University and other organizers.
Reported by Ma Zhenyuzi and Zhao Changliang
Edited by Shi Yue and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:354
TITLE:Beihang Robitics Team Wins First Prize at 2022 ROBOCON for Third Consecutive Year
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3345.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Robitics Team Wins First Prize at 2022 ROBOCON for Third Consecutive Year
                

                    Release time：July 28, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


The 21st China University Robot Competition (2022 ROBOCON) and 2022 ABU ROBOCON, sponsored by the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League, was held online from July 23 to 24. Beihang Robotics Team overcame adverse factors such as the greatly compressed preparation time and the epidemic, working together to develop two new robots with a high level of competitiveness. After a fierce competition, Beihang Robotics Team won the first prize in ROBOCON with a perfect score, beating other 66 university teams across the country. This is the third consecutive year that Beihang Robotics Team has won this award.
As the most technically challenging and influential university robotics event in China, ROBOCON has been held for 21 years since 2002, with more than 100 institutions participating in. The Chinese team has won the championship in the international annual finals six times, and Beihang Robotics Team has won three third prizes, two second prizes, and three first prizes in the national competiton since 2020.

Every year, the host countries of the ABU ROBOCON formulate the content and rules of the competition based on the historical and cultural characteristics of their countries. The theme of this year’s competition derives from Lagori, a popular attack-and-defense game in ancient India. The Chinese organizing committee redesigns the rule to make it more suitable for online competition. In the competition, participants have to prepare two robots to work with each other to break one red tower and one blue tower on the field, and then build two new towers with both red and blue colors, according to the size of the blocks.
In the competition, the robots made by Beihang Robotics Team, with ingenious and creative design, hit the tower and ball with precision in one go, and they were fast, accurate and stable in the process of tower building. Finally, they achieved the task of perfect tower stacking and a flawless score within 166 seconds.
Over the past year, the Beihang team members have prepared for the competition with unremitting efforts. They overcame intense academic pressure and devoted their spare time to the competition. Their excellent performance fully demonstrated the spirit of Beihang students – always dare to be the first.

In recent years, the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation of Beihang University has built an integrated “Big Mechanical” curriculum system with equal emphasis on general studies and majors, a growth progression practice education system and a collaborative education system with in-depth cooperation between the university and enterprises, which provides great assistance for undergraduate students to carry out scientific and technological practice. Under the leadership of the Youth League Committee and with the strong support of various departments and alumni, Beihang Robotics Team attaches great importance to shaping the spiritual core, strengthening dynamic selection, implementing multiple competitions, and strengthening the leadership of the backbone to enhance team cohesion, which has grown into a beautiful symbol of Beihang students’ science and technology practice.


Reported by Qi Jianli
Reviewed by Zhang Zhigang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:355
TITLE:Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3280.htm
TEXT:
Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：April 21, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


On the morning of April 15, a voluntary tree-planting activity was carried out at the Xueyuan Road Campus of Beihang University.



It was attended by university leaders, teachers, and student representatives. Among the leaders were Xu Huibin, He Xinzhou, Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun, Wang Yunpeng, Zhao Gang, and Cheng Bo.
The participants together planted more than 20 trees including Acer, ginkgo, syringa, and other species on the east side of the Main Building. While planting trees, President Xu Huibin talked with the students and encouraged them to seize the day and live up to expectations. He also stressed that building a landscape with Beihang characteristics is essential for providing a better living and studying environment for teachers and students.








After the activity, Xu Huibin and other leaders inspected the Main Building under renovation and listened to a report on the achievement of the renovation project. He showed great approval to the work, pointing out that the Main Building enjoys a significant position in Beihang’s history as it has witnessed the university’s development for over 60 years.

The Main Building of Beihang is located in the teaching area of the Xueyuan Road Campus and divided into three parts including the main building, the north part of main building, and the south part of main building. The building, with a gross floor area of 29,084 square meters, was completed in 1957 and has been preserved ever since. After more than 60 years of use, its structure no longer meets the requirement of earthquake resistance, and the mechanical and electrical facilities inside the building have all deteriorated, posing potential safety hazards and failing to fulfill the need for modern teaching and research.
In this connection, the renovation project that started in April 2021 has recently been finished in March 2022, and the Main Building is expected to be put into use in September.


Reported by Li Shengkui
Photographed by Di Bailu, Han Siyu and Zhang Zhibo
Reviewed by Zou Yuliang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:356
TITLE:Spring Festival Annual Meeting of Beihang University Held at Ruxin Conference Center
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2386.htm
TEXT:
Spring Festival Annual Meeting of Beihang University Held at Ruxin Conference Center
                

                    Release time：January 28, 2019 / Li Siying
                


On the afternoon of January 23, the Spring Festival Annual Meeting of Beihang University was held at Ruxin Conference Center to celebrate the lunar New Year and to discuss future plans of the university.
Over 200 people gathered at the event, which includes the school authorities, guests of honor, alumni as well as teacher and student representatives.

At the Spring Festival Annual Meeting
Among the guests are: Zhang Jun, President of Beijing Institute of Technology and former School Party Secretary of Beihang University; Yan Ying, Vice Chairman of Beijing Municipal Committee of the CPPCC and Chairman of Beijing Federation of Industry and Commerce; Li Junfeng, Deputy Secretary of the working committee of the CPC Beijing Municipal Education Committe; Li Chengwei, Deputy Director of Personnel Department of State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defence, and so on.
The participants watched university documentary “Beihang Today” together, which comprehensively introduces the achievements of Beihang University in the fields of talent cultivation, scientific research, social work, culture inheritance and innovation, and so on.

President Xu Huibin hosted the meeting
The meeting was hosted by President Xu Huibin. He first expressed gratitude to the leaders, the current and former faculties, friends at home and abroad and from all walks of life, who have always been supporting the development of Beihang University.
He recognized the achievements of Beihang University in all fields in recent years. He said that the coming year will be a year of opportunities and development. All Beihangers should identify clearly of where we are and where we are going, and strive for it with more determination, confidence and perseverance.

Secretary of Party Committee Cao Shumin delivered a speech
Cao Shumin, Secretary of Party Committee, delivered her Spring Festival speech. She also delivered her gratitude and sincere wishes to all leaders, faculties and friends caring for Beihang University.
She reviewed the experience of development and construction of Beihang University in the previous year. She used 8 “new”s to summarize it, which are -- new goal for subject construction, new layout of the two campuses, new achievements in rearing students, new contributions to scientific and technological innovations, new opportunities in aeronautics and astronautics, new progress of teaching faculty, new measures for management and service, and new climate of alumni work. Beihang University is, and will always be closely united in the surroundings of the party and central government, and greet the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with outstanding achievements.
At the meeting, various fantastic performances were put on stage one after another, making the Spring Festival Annual Meeting an unforgettable one.






 
Reportedby Wang Qing, Di Bailu
Photographed by Chen Weiyi
Reviewed by Yu Min
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:357
TITLE:Beihang Students Earn Top Honor in 4th “Huawei Cup” China Postgraduate IC Innovation Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3261.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Earn Top Honor in 4th “Huawei Cup” China Postgraduate IC Innovation Competition
                

                    Release time：March 28, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On March 18, 2022, the final round of the 4th “Huawei Cup” China Postgraduate IC Innovation Competition (CPICIC) and the award ceremony were held in IC Park, Beijing. Team F928, consisting of three students from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, Beihang University —— Chen Yuhao (leader), Zhu Yanan and Gao Yunfei, has been honored with the title of “Star of IC Innovation”, the top award in the competition.

CPICIC is jointly hosted by Chinese Society of Academic Degrees and Graduate Education and Children and Youth Science Center of CAST under the supervision of the Department of Degree Management & Postgraduate Education, Ministry of Education, and the secretariat is staffed by Cross-strait Tsinghua Research Institute. It is among the ten key contests in China Postgraduate Innovation & Practice Competitions and also represents the top-rated domestic IC innovation competition for postgraduates. This competition follows the national development strategy for integrated circuit industry in pursuit of cultivating high-level innovative talent in this field.
The 4th CPICIC was organized by Zhongguancun IC Park (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Since it was launched in April 2021, 499 teams from 101 postgraduate training institutes across the nation, including1,439 participating students and 427 instructors, signed up for the competition, hitting a record high. After several rounds of test, 15 teams were selected and advanced to the final round. In the end, Team F928 from Beihang University won the highest honor of the competition —— “Star of IC Innovation”, ranking top 3 in total score. Prof. Li Hongge won “Best Instructor Award”.
At present, a team works on neuromorphic chip led by Professor Li Hongge of Beihang University is devoting all its efforts to stochastic computing (SC), a global research hotspot. After years of research and study, Professor Li Hongge and Dr. Chen Yuhao proposed a new encoding method, referred to as amplitude and frequency encoding (AFE) for SC. This method uses the expectation of streams to achieve computation. Compared with the conventional stochastic bit stream, AFE realizes significant low-latency and largely improves computing efficiency. Based on the proposed novel computing mechanism, Team F928 developed their design for CPICIC. It is reported that the three teams who have won “Star of IC Innovation” are separately from East China Normal University, Xidian University and Beihang University.


Reported by Xie Zhengyang
Reviewed by Xu Yajun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:358
TITLE:Beihang Hosts Sub-forum on International Norms in Cyberspace during 2021 Word Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3163.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Hosts Sub-forum on International Norms in Cyberspace during 2021 Word Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit
                

                    Release time：October 4, 2021 / Li Yifan
                


On the morning of September 27, a sub-forum of the 2021 World Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit, “International Norms in Cyberspace: Practice and Exploration”, hosted by Beihang University and co-organized by Fudan University and Wuhan University, was held in Wuzhen Internet International Convention and Exhibition Center.

Among the attendees were Viktor Mayer-Schönberger, an internationally renowned scholar in big data, Fred H. Cate, Vice President of Indiana University and a renowned scholar in the field of information privacy and cyber law, Andrea Heyn, Science and Technology Counsellor of the German Embassy in China, Magnus Jorem, Science and Technology Counsellor of the Norwegian Embassy in China, and other officials and scholars from various countries and regions and international organizations, including the UK, the US, Germany, Norway, Denmark, Switzerland, Peru, Netherlands, Belgium, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, the International Telecommunication Union, etc.
Zhao Gang, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, attended the forum and delivered opening remarks. He pointed out that in recent years, Beihang University has attached great importance to the construction of disciplines and the cultivation of talents related to international governance of cyberspace, as the research team, headed by Prof. Long Weiqiu, Dean of the Law School of Beihang university, actively participating in international cyberspace governance and providing suggestions to concerning departments, for the purpose of implementing President Xi’s instructions on building network powerhouse. He called upon participating experts from home and abroad to carry on in-depth discussions and build consensus while upholding the concept of building a community with a shared future in cyberspace, and contribute their wisdom for promoting the international governance order of cyberspace to become more just and reasonable and advancing the peace, security, openness, cooperation, and order in cyberspace.

Divided into three sessions including “Sovereignty and the Application of International Law in Cyberspace”, “Security and Development in Global Digitization” and “New Issues and Challenges of International Governance of Cyberspace in the Post-epidemic Era” moderated by Prof. Long Weiqiu from Beihang University, Executive Director Li Yan from Institute of Technology and Cyber Security, China Institutes of Contemporary International Relation, and Prof. Shen Yi from Research Institute for Cyberspace Governance of Fudan University, respectively, the sub-forum provided a platform for experts in attendance to discuss various topics related to cyberspace in the new era, such as sovereignty, international norms, governance, future development, etc.
Zhou Xuefeng, Executive Deputy Director of the Research Institute for Cyberspace Governance and Professor of the Law School of Beihang University, summarized the conference highlights, pointing out the specialness of cyberspace governance, the complexity of international rulemaking, and the significance of international communication.
During the conference, the concept paper, titled "Sovereignty in Cyberspace: Theory and Practice (Version 3.0)", was also released to the public. Prof. Zhou Xuefeng participated in the drafting of the paper.


Reported by Xu Shi
Reviewed by Long Weiqiu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:359
TITLE:6,297 New Graduates Start a New Voyage at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3152.htm
TEXT:
6,297 New Graduates Start a New Voyage at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 10, 2021 / Li Yifan
                


On September 8 and 9, 6,297 students have been matriculated as postgraduates at Beihang University, embarking on a new journey in their life.




The university has been well-prepared for greeting newcomers in advance, with voluntary services put on standby at different airports and railway stations. School buses then picked them up and drove them to different campuses directly.





The newcomers’ body temperature, identity, and admission letter were checked before they got enrolled and moved in. An exclusive gift prepared by colleges and departments was distributed to every new student.




The well-rounded welcoming services have enabled every new graduate to get familiar with the vibrant campus and feel at home. Beihang treated every student not as a guest, but as one of the family.





During the orientation, Party Secretary of Beihang University Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice President Liu Shuchun, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo and other leaders greeted the new graduates personally, chatting and taking pictures with them.






The year 2021 marks the centenary of the Communist Party of China. On this special occasion, the new generation of Beihangers, being energetic and ambitious, will seize the day and unleash a bright future at Beihang University.






Reported by Wang Zhangtao
Photographed by Di Bailu, Li Yi, Zhang Keli, Xu Chang, and Zhang Zhibo
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li YIfan and Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:360
TITLE:Cognitive Semantics Included in ESCI
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3476.htm
TEXT:
Cognitive Semantics Included in ESCI
                

                    Release time：April 10, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


It was officially informed by Clarivate Analytics recently that Cognitive Semantics, an international academic journal sponsored by the School of Foreign Languages of Beihang University, got included in Web of Science Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI).
Starting in early 2022, the review process took a year to complete. Cognitive Semantics, founded by Professor Li Fuyin of the School of Foreign Languages of Beihang University in 2015, is published by Brill, a Dutch publishing house, with 2 issues published each year and each including 15 articles. Since 2022, the journal regularly publishes 3 issues, each with 20 articles. So far it has been included in ESCI, SCOPUS, ERIH PLUS, Communication Source, Linguistic Bibliography and other international high-level databases.
ESCI is a new index in the Web of Science database issued by Thomson Reuters in late 2015. It is designed to expand the range of publications available in Web of Science. It includes academic journals and other academic works that are evaluated by peer experts as “comply with publishing ethics and have high-quality content”. The ESCI database now covers 254 disciplines in sciences, social sciences, arts and humanities, 74.4 million citations (some of which could be dated back to 1900), and more than 7,800 international journals. Journals included in ESCI stand a chance to be further included in SCIE, SSCI or AHCI.
As is stated in the title page of both its website and print version, “As a peer-reviewed international journal, Cognitive Semantics takes the relationship between meaning and mind as its central concern”, Cognitive Semantics focuses on the relationship between the state-of-the-art science and technology and "semantics". Original articles about "Semantics and Mind" are published in this journal with special focus on the influence of latest developments in science and technology on semantics. Special attention has been paid to cognitive linguistics, semantics, psycholinguistics, cognitive sociolinguistics, typology, historical linguistics, functional linguistics, applied linguistics, corpus linguistics, computational linguistics, as well as the research and application of semantics in combination with brain sciences, neuroscience and life sciences.


Reported by Zuo Shan and Liu Wei
Reviewed by Xiao Hong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:361
TITLE:Portable Nucleic Acid Detection System Jointly Developed by Beihang and West China Hospital of Sichuan University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2168.htm
TEXT:
Portable Nucleic Acid Detection System Jointly Developed by Beihang and West China Hospital of Sichuan University
                

                    Release time：July 27, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, a rapid nucleic acid detection system with high sensitivity and high throughput was jointly developed by Beihang University and West China Hospital of Sichuan University. The system consists of a portable detection device and isothermal amplification-based micropore array chips.

The portable detection device and its function module
At the early stage of the COVID-19 outbreak, the research group led by Professor Fan Yubo, Professor Chang Lingqian and Associate Research Fellow Wang Yang from Beihang and Professor Li Weimin, Professor Ying Binwu, and Research Fellow Geng Jia from West China Hospital of Sichuan University, developed a micropore array chip for high-throughput COVID-19 nucleic acid detection. Adopting the loop-mediated isothermal amplification approach, each chip can detect 3-64 throat swabs for COVID-19 testing, or 1-16 types of bacteria or parasites, including tubercle bacilli and malaria parasite. As for the COVID-19 testing, the system can simultaneously detect three target genes, namely, ORF, N gene, and E gene.

The micropore array chip for COVID-19 nucleic acid detection
The cost of the chip, which utilizes laser plastic welding technique, and its corresponding detection kit is 10 yuan per person in total. Until now, the system has conductednucleic acid testing on 113 samples (87 positive and 26 negative), with a sensitivity of over 95% and a specificity of over 92%.

The detection result of clinical samples from West China Hospital
Embedded in commercial PCR nucleic acid detection devices (0.1-1 million yuan per device, ~1 hour), the system creates a portable, open isothermal nucleic acid amplification-based detection platform. It has competitive advantageous of low cost (10,000 yuan/device), high throughput, high sensitivity and great rapidity (25 minutes). Therefore, the system is especially suitable for rapid detection in rural areas and public places where people often gather.
Up to now, functional testing and primary testing have been performed on prototypes, which are available for registration testing and clinical trail in the next stage. The research group is gearing up for the registration of the system.


Edited by Jia Aiping
Reported by Guo Meng
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:362
TITLE:“Notre-Dame de Paris” Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2250.htm
TEXT:
“Notre-Dame de Paris” Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：November 18, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


“Notre-Dame de Paris”, a play adopted from Victor Hugo’s classic novel of the same name (which is better known to some by its English name The Hunchback of Notre-Dame), was staged by TNT Theatre at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall on the evening of Nov. 12.


The play tells the ill-fated love story of Esmeralda and the hunchback Quasimodo. The gypsy Esmeralda fell in love with the handsome but frivolous Captain Phoebus. However, Archdeacon Claude Frollo was addictive to Esmeralda’ beauty and assassinated Phoebus who dated with Esmeralda. Esmeralda, who was sentenced to death as a murderer, was rescued by Quasimodo, an ugly but kind-hearted bell ringer, and hid in Notre Dame. After finding that Frollo had killed Esmeralda, Quasimodo angrily pushed him down and committed suicide beside Esmeralda.
During the performance, TNT Theater created an extremely surprising visual effect through elaborate stage settings. The actors and actresses impressed the audience with their passionate performances and rich body language, showing the characters perfectly to the audience and also won rounds of applause.


TNT Theatre was founded in 1980 in Britain. Paul Stebbings, as the artistic director of TNT Theater, has won numerous awards at exhibitions and festivals like the Munich Biennale, the Edinburgh Festival and the Tehran Festival. Other notable festivals that the theatre has participated in include the International Off-Broadway Festival in New York, the Tokyo International Theatre festival and the summer festival of the British National Theatre. TNT has also collaborated on co-productions with major venues such as the Athens Concert Hall and the St. Petersburg State Comedy Theatre. TNT Theatre has created a large number of French, Spanish and Russian plays. Among them, "Notre-Dame de Paris", directed by Paul Stebbings and acted by all French actors, is the representative of its French dramas.


Reported and edited by Song Chao
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:363
TITLE:10th Anniversary Commemorative Performance of Beihang's Original Large-scale Musical "Luoyang" Premiered in Shahe Campus Gymnasium
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3651.htm
TEXT:
10th Anniversary Commemorative Performance of Beihang's Original Large-scale Musical "Luoyang" Premiered in Shahe Campus Gymnasium
                

                    Release time：December 4, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On November 25 and 26, the 10th anniversary commemorative performance of Beihang's original large-scale musical "Luo Yang" was staged in the gymnasium of Beihang Shahe Campus. Mo Zeyao, Vice Chairman of China Association for Science and Technology (CAST), Wang Jinzhan, Member of the Party Group and Secretary of the Secretariat of CAST, Li Chengwei, Secretary of the Party Committee of the Economic and Technological Development Center of the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense, Wu Jiwei, Secretary of the Youth League Committee and Vice Minister of the Publicity Department of the Party Committee of Aviation Industry Corporation of China Limited, Cheng Bo, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, representatives of the Ministry of Education, AVIC, previous casts of the play, and all the freshmen of the undergraduate students of Class 2023, along with representatives of new graduate students and new faculty members watched the performance together, paying tribute to the hero and his Luo Yang Spirit.




The musical "Luo Yang" is an original musical written, directed and performed by teachers and students of Beihang University, which was created to commemorate Comrade Luo Yang, chief commander of the J-15 carrier aircraft project, alumnus of Beihang of Class 1978 who passed away in the line of duty. The musical has been selected as one of the "Backbone of the Republic - Science Masters Publicity Project" jointly organized by CAST and Ministry of Education. Over the past decade, the musical "Luo Yang" has been successfully performed for nearly 40 times in colleges and universities, enterprises, primary and secondary schools across the country, attracting more than 200,000 audiences, covering cities including Shenyang in Liaoning Province, Wuhan in Hubei Province, and receiving widespread praise from all walks of life.
On November 25, 2012, Comrade Luo Yang unfortunately passed away in the line of duty. He stayed committed to the mission of serving the country through aerospace endeavors and has made outstanding contributions to the development of China's aviation industry. In the eleven years since his departure, his noble spirit has been integrated into the blood of thousands of young people. Beihang faculties and students will continue to fulfill the will of the hero and make their own contributions to build China into a nation with strong aviation power.








On the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the premiere of the original large-scale musical "Luoyang", in order to carry out the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instruction that party members and cadres should learn from the outstanding qualities and valuable spirits of Luoyang, Beihang has organized a series of commemorative activities, including the 10th anniversary-tour of the musical, the symposium on the creation of the musical, and a to-be-filmed documentary about it.


Reported by: Su Yihan, Li Yarong, Zhang Xiaoming
Reviewed by: Liu Yang
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:364
TITLE:Beihang Wins Victory Cup in 2018 China College Students' Entrepreneurship Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2431.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins Victory Cup in 2018 China College Students' Entrepreneurship Competition
                

                    Release time：November 15, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


In China College Students' Entrepreneurship Competition in 2018, Beihang University won five gold prizes and one silver prize with six student entrepreneurship programs, ranking second in terms of total scores and receiving the Victory Cup.


Beihang University was announced as a winner of the Victory Cup in China College Students' Entrepreneurship Competition in 2018 


Liu Yang (middle), Vice Secretary of the Communist Youth League of Beihang University, received the Victory Cup on behalf of Beihang
Launched in February, China College Students' Entrepreneurship Competition in 2018 received over 150,000 entries from 2,200 universities. After two rounds of review, 369 programs from 197 universities made their way to the final.
The entrepreneurship competition consists of three contests, which focus on plans, practice and public welfare respectively. In the plan contest, two gold prizes and one silver prize were awarded to Beihang programs, which are Adhere Miracle (a company featuring the technology to produce electrostatic adsorption jigs), Multiflyer (a multifunctional flying robot with modularized design of legs) and an all-terrain intelligent robot chassis. In the practice contest, Beihang won two gold prizes with the programs of Beijing Lingchuangzhongcheng Science and Technology Co., Ltd., a company dedicated to flying vehicles, and Qfeeltech, an artificial intelligence company focusing on visual simultaneous localization and mapping. Beihang also received a gold prize in the public welfare contest for the program of No Barriers Science and Technology Co., Ltd (Hangzhou), which combines bioelectrical signal and artificial intelligence and provides a solution for hearing-impaired people to make and answer phone calls.


A group photo of all the participants from Beihang University
Guided by the principle of “making entrepreneurship a forward-looking lifestyle of students”, Beihang University has ranked second in total scores in China College Students' Entrepreneurship Competition twice successively. This year, the university started the preparation for the competition in March and all the teams selected to enter the competition are those who have independent intellectual property rights of their core technologies. These teams received great support and assistance from BUAA Holdings Co., Ltd, Entrepreneurship Management and Training School and the schools they come from. Also, to prepare for next year’s Challenge Cup Competition of Science and Technologyheld at Beihang, the Security Department, the Logistics Department and the School of General Engineering have investigated the work involved throughout the process.
  
Reported by Liu Yang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Liu Yang
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:365
TITLE:Team of Prof. Liu Mingjie Publishes Research Results in Nature
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2196.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Liu Mingjie Publishes Research Results in Nature
                

                    Release time：April 13, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


A latest research in the field of ultrastrong materials, entitled “Layered Nanocomposites by Shear-flow-induced Alignment of Nanosheets” was published in Nature by the team of Prof. Liu Mingjie from the School of Chemistry. Dr. Zhao Chuangqi, Dr. Zhang Pengchao, Associate Professor Zhou Jiajia are first authors and Prof. Liu Mingjie is the corresponding author.

Biological materials, such as bones, teeth and mollusk shells, are well known for their excellent strength, modulus and toughness. Such properties are attributed to the interaction between highly ordered structures and the connected organic substrates. Inspired by these elaborate biological structures, scientists have made many attempts to conduct the preparation of layered structural biomimetic materials. However, owing to limitations of current methods on practical application, how to produce ultrastrong layered nanocomposites in a constant and scalable manner remains a challenge in the field of ultrastrong materials.
Prof. Liu Mingjie’s team proposed a strategy of liquid superspreading preparation based on dilute reaction solutions to produce layered structural composite films, which provided a possibility for a large-area preparation of layered composite materials. Researchers also concluded that the stiffened mobility of polymer chains under the confined space of inorganic nanomaterials leads to the ultra-high mechanical properties of composite materials. This research presented a new solution to the structural design and large-scale production of composite materials.
This new strategy was employed to achieve the preparation of layered structural nanocomposite films by usingshear-flow-induced alignment of nanosheets in the superspreading process (Fig. 1) and a rapid fixation of aligned nanosheets by strong interactions of high polymers (Fig. 2).

Fig. 1 Superspreading shear-ﬂow-induced alignment of nanosheets

Fig. 2 The transiently aligned nanosheets are rapidly fixed via in situ Ca2+-induced crosslinking of NaAlg
Nanocomposite films demonstrated much higher mechanical properties compared with the reported nanocomposite films prepared by traditional strategies (Fig. 3). In addition, this technique can achieve oriented alignment of nanosheets and a continuous large-scale fabrication of layered nanocomposite films of various polymer polymerization systems in a universal and efficient way.

Fig. 3 (a): The SS-GO/clay/CNT nanocomposite films with the record high tensile strength and modulus; (b): The clay/CNT nanocomposite films with the record high tensile strength and toughness
The mechanical properties of nanocomposite films depend on oriented structures of nanosheets and the interaction with highpolymers substrates. To elucidate the underlying reason of higher mechanical properties demonstrated by nanocomposite films, researchers measured the mechanical properties of nanocomposite films with different weight percentages of nanofillers. Findings showed that the interlayer distance of nanosheets has a direct influence on the interaction between nanosheets and highpolymers substrates, and on the mechanical performance of nanocomposite films, while the stiffened mobility of polymer chains under strong confinement plays a decisive role in nanocomposite films’ higher mechanical properties (Fig. 4).

Fig. 4 Nanocomposite films with different weight percentages of nanofillers. (a): Strength and modulus of nanocomposite films with various weight percentages of nanofillers; (b): Plots of diffraction vector of nanocomposite films with various weight percentages of nanofillers; (c): Curves of tanδ versus temperature of nanocomposite films with various weight percentages of nanofillers; (d): Schematic diagram illustrating the interphase between the aligned nanosheets at different interlayer distances
The work was supported by National Key R&D Program of China, National Science Foundation for Distinguished Young Scholars, National Natural Science Foundation of China and 111 Project.
More information of this article:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-020-2161-8
 
 
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping & Wang Qing
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:366
TITLE:Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall Commemorates Mussorgsky’s 180th Birthday with Lovro Pogorelich “Pictures at an Exhibition” Concert 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2364.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall Commemorates Mussorgsky’s 180th Birthday with Lovro Pogorelich “Pictures at an Exhibition” Concert
                

                    Release time：April 1, 2019 / Li Siying
                


 On the evening of March 23, the famous pianist Lovro Pogorelich gave a concert named “Pictures at an Exhibition” at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall in memory of the 180th birthday of the prominent Russian composer Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky.

The concert kicked off with one of Mussorgsky’s classics “Pictures at an Exhibition”, a timely and decent homage paid to the influential composer as the year of 2019 marks his 180th birthday.
Mussorgsky got his inspiration of the famous piano cycle back in 1873 when he attended the swansong exhibition of a close friend who died from an emergency at the age of 39. Throughout the work, therefore, it unfolds a heavy sense of mourning and respect.
Pogorelich’s playing with impressive beauty and sophistication shone light on the magic of music. The smooth flow of music managed to calm every anxious heart in the audience.

At the concert Lovro Pogorelich also performed other famous music pieces like Scriabin Fantasy In B Minor Op. 28, Scriabin：Piano Sonata No.5, op. 53 in F sharp major-Allegro-Presto con allegrezza Meno vivo-prestissimo, and so on.
The concert ended with two encores in response to the long standing ovation by the audience.
Born in 1970, Lovro Pocorelich received his first piano lessons from his father Ivan, a classically trained musician. At the age of twelve he began studying with the Russian pianist and pedagogue Konstantin Bogino. Upon turning thirteen, he gave his first recital featuring works by Schumann, Chopin, Liszt and Rachmaninov, and two years later he appeared as a soloist in the Robert Schumann’s Piano Concerto with Dubrovnik Symphony Orchestra.
In 1993 Pogorelich left for Paris, where he spent a year-long stint under the patronage of the French Crédit National Foundation; during that time he gave a number of performances and recorded a CD for the French label Lyrinx, featuring works by Modest Mussorgsky (Pictures at an Exhibition) and Sergei Prokofiev (Sonata No. 7).
Pogorelichhas also recorded one of the first musical DVDs in the world (Ludwig van Beethoven’s Piano Concerto No. 5 with the Danish Odense Symphony Orchestra for DENON) and has made numerous other recordings for the Croatian, French, Dutch and Danish radio stations.

 
Reported and edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:367
TITLE:Beihang-GoerTek Aeromodelling Team Awarded in 2018 CADC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2454.htm
TEXT:
Beihang-GoerTek Aeromodelling Team Awarded in 2018 CADC
                

                    Release time：October 12, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, the 2018 China International Aircraft Design Challenge (CADC) final was held in Ningxia. 1,920 competitors from 92 Chinese universities took part in the six-day competition, in which Beihang-GoerTek Aeromodelling Team reached the top places in both group and individual performance.


Beihang-GoerTek Aeromodelling Team competed in six events, including carriage and aerial delivery in limited time, rescue simulation, carriage and aerial delivery in limited distance, earth reconnaissance and strike, solar-powered aeromodelling, as well as vertical take-off and landing carriage, and participated in the scientific and technological innovation assessment in four of them. 
In all these events, GoerTek team achieved excellent results. The team won the first prize in team total score and the first two places in individual performance for the event of carriage and aerial delivery; two second-class prizes for earth reconnaissance and strike; one first-class prize and one third-class prize for each event—rescue simulation and vertical take-off and landing carriage; one third-class prize for solar-powered aeromodelling; and two first-class prizes, one second-class prize and one third-class prize in the scientific and technological innovation assessment.


Group Photo of Beihang-GoerTek Aeromodelling Team
  
Reported by Ji Ning
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:368
TITLE:Sino-French Cooperative Development Alliance in Running Schools Unveiled in Beijing
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2262.htm
TEXT:
Sino-French Cooperative Development Alliance in Running Schools Unveiled in Beijing
                

                    Release time：October 25, 2019 / Ren Chenjie
                


With the theme of “Education 2035: A Dialogue with the Future of the World”, the 2019 China Annual Conference for International Education & Expo (CACIE) was held at the China National Convention Center in Beijing from Oct. 17 to 19. The Sino-French Cooperative Development Alliance in Running Schools was unveiled in the 9th Chinese-Foreign Cooperation in Running Schools held during the annual conference. Prof. Hong Guanxin, Dean of the Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University, was entrusted by China Education Association for International Exchange to make 2018 Annual Report on Sino-French Cooperation in Running Schools on behalf of the alliance. Prof. Herve RIOU, Vice-Director of Lycée Chaptal, was also invited to give a report entitled STEM Education in France.

Sino-French Cooperative Development Alliance in Running Schools, which was advocated by Sino-French Engineer School, has organized 14 Sino-French cooperative education institutions and 34 related project units approved by the Ministry of Education, as well as some enterprises and social groups who volunteered to take part in. Under the guidance of China Education Association for International Exchange and adhering to the purpose of “equality, coordination, development and sharing”, the members of the alliance will carry out all-round and in-depth cooperation in talent cultivation, university-enterprise collaboration, teaching staff building, and the construction of quality assurance system in education and joint enrollment system.
During the annual conference, China Education Expo (CEE) 2019 was also convened at the China National Convention Center. Taking advantage of this platform, the Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University fully demonstrated its characteristic education, cultivating model, social influence, international competitiveness and outstanding student representatives.


 
Reported by Wang Yifei
Reviewed by Hong Guanxin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:369
TITLE:Prof. Ding Xilun’s Group Publishes Article in Nature Astronomy, Reporting the Progress of Extraterrestrial Regolith-sampling Robots
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2311.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Ding Xilun’s Group Publishes Article in Nature Astronomy, Reporting the Progress of Extraterrestrial Regolith-sampling Robots
                

                    Release time：June 18, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, the research team of Prof. Ding Xilun from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation published an article entitled “The Progress of Extraterrestrial Regolith-sampling Robots” in Nature Astronomy. Prof. Ding is the corresponding writer, and Dr. Zhang Tao, who received his doctoral degree from Beihang in 2017, is the first author of the article. Besides, Beihang is the first and the only corresponding institute of the research.

Prof. Ding Xilun from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation published a forward-looking article in Nature Astronomy
Regolith sample, the most effective and direct way to learn about a celestial body, is of great significance to explore the evidences of life or water in extraterrestrial celestial bodies and learn about the origin, development and evolution of the universe, which also offers a new approach for solving the problems of human survival and energy shortage. Being instrumental in acquiring regolith samples, extraterrestrial regolith-sampling robots play an important role in deep-spacing exploration. Unlike terrestrial robots, extraterrestrial robots usually work in harsh vacuum environment with drilling temperature and strong radiation. Besides, their weight, energy, size and material are subjected to certain restrictions like costs and launch capability.

An outlook on the extraterrestrial regolith-sampling robots
The article first offers an overview of the history and the development of extraterrestrial regolith-sampling robots, makes a contrast on the pros and cons and scope of application of different sampling methods, introduces the multi-rod deep driller for lunar subsurface sampling developed by the Beihang research team as well as the in-situ asteroid sampling and analysis robot made by the Beihang research team and other co-writers, and makes an in-depth discussion on the complicated restrictions and technical challenges of extraterrestrial sampling. According to the article, there are four problems, namely, multiple resource limits on earth, harsh extraterrestrial environment, uncertainty and diversity of extraterrestrial regolith and ultra-long-distance communication latency.
An in-depth analysis of the key ground-test technologies that guarantee the reliability and security of extraterrestrial sampling robotic systems is then presented. The tests include the normal test in an atmospheric environment, the endurance test in a vacuum low-temperature environment and the long-time autonomous sampling test. Next, a comprehensive perspective of the main technical trends in the development of new extraterrestrial regolith-sampling robots is given. Finally, a technical roadmap of China’s future space exploration missions is provided.
The research team led by Prof. Ding has been committed to the field of spatial mechanism and robot technology. They have made great contribution to the research of mechanical design, movement control and simulated analysis of extraterrestrial regolith-sampling robots as well as related simulation tests in extraterrestrial environment. Moreover, the team has developed many sampling drillers such as the multi-rod deep driller and six-wheel extraterrestrial exploration robot. This research is a key project (No. 51635002) as well as a general project (No. 51775011) of the National Natural Science Foundation of China.
The article is available at:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41550-019-0804-1

Reported by Liang Yongjian
Reviewed by Chen Huawei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:370
TITLE:Delegation from University of Victoria Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2403.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from University of Victoria Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：December 24, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


On the afternoon of December 19, a delegation led by Prof. Jamie Cassels, President of University of Victoria (UVic) visited Beihang University. Vice President Huang Haijun met the guests at the Fifth Conference Hall of New Main Building, together with representatives from the International Division, the Graduate School and the School of Economics and Management.

Vice President Huang first extended his warm welcome to the delegates and then reviewed the efforts and achievements of cooperation between the two universities. Following him, Li Deyu, Director of the International Division, gave an overall introduction to the latest development of Beihang. President Jamie Cassels expressed his gratitude to the warm welcome and introduced the advantages of teaching and scientific research as well as the international cooperation of UVic. During the meeting, the two sides fully exchanged their views and reached a consensus on topics like deepening their cooperation in the fields of material science, economics, management and computer science, and carrying out joint cultivation of undergraduate students and research collaboration.

Vice President Huang Haijun and President Jamie Cassels renewed Beihang-UVic Cooperation Memorandum and Beihang-UVic Agreement on Exchange Students, on behalf of the two universities respectively. According to the agreement, both universities will further strengthen their cooperation in such aspects as students exchange and research collaboration.

Following the meeting, the delegation visited the State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems and the National Key Laboratory of CNS/ATM at Beihang University.
Founded in 1963 and located in Victoria, University of Victoria is a first-class comprehensive research university. It currently has 10 faculties, with 21,700 students and over 900 teachers. With its outstanding academic strength, the university ranks second among all comprehensive universities in Canada. Since the two universities signed university-level cooperation agreement in 2013, over 40 students have been exchanged and fruitful cooperation has been carried out in many fields.
 
Reported by Zhou Mi
Photographed by Han Siyu
Reviewed by Lv Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:371
TITLE:2018 “Dream Angel Cup” International Aerial Robotics Competition Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2477.htm
TEXT:
2018 “Dream Angel Cup” International Aerial Robotics Competition Held
                

                    Release time：September 4, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


The 2018 “Dream Angel Cup” International Aerial Robotics Competition (Asia-Pacific Venue) was held successfully in Beihang University from Aug 25 to 27.
After technology demonstrations in Aug 25, 134 competitorsfrom 13 teams, as well as judges and guests from the Asian-Pacific region, participated in the opening ceremony in the gymnasium of Beihang University. Prof. Zhang Ju’en, executive director of CSAA, Prof. Robert C. Michelson from the Georgia Institute of Technology, the initiator of the competition and Yang Fangchun, vice director of CAAI, delivered their speeches respectively. After the ceremony, a wonderful UAV swarming and formation flight was performed.

The 2018 competition is the fifth competition of Mission 7, which will end the competition of Mission 7 and open the competition of Mission 8. Competitors from both American and Asia Pacific division failed to solve Mission 7 (“Air Shepherd Dog Action”) in the past four years due to its difficulty. According to the rule, the aerial robots were “shepherd dogs”. The ten ground robots programmed to move randomly were “sheep” and four obstacles circled within the arena and caused collisions with the ground robots were “wolves”. To complete the phase one of Mission 7, or the Mission 7a, the aerial robots (shepherd dogs) were required to herd 4 ground robots (sheep) out of the green line (sheepfold) by touching them on top or blocking their forward motion. Compared with last year, competitors made considerable progress in various aspects this year and the team from Zhejiang University successfully herded three “sheep” out of the “sheepfold”.
Some excellent teams made historic breakthrough in the fierce competition this year. Zhejiang University became the champion of Mission 7 in the 2018 competition and won a prize of $20,000. Xiamen University and Harbin Institute of Technology won the second prize ($6,000) and the third prize ($4,000) respectively.

Mission 8 was co-designed by the scholars from America and Asia-Pacific divisions of the contest. Compared with Mission 7, Mission 8 was more interesting and difficult, highlighting artificial intelligence and automative control more. The 2018 competition was the first competition of Mission 8. Mission 8 included non-electronic human-machine interaction for the first time, with four aerial robots assisting humans to complete tasks that one person cannot independently accomplish. It reflected another progress made in the intelligent technology of unmanned system. The competition won cheers and applause from audiences who were fascinated by artificial intelligence from time to time.
The Yuyuan-Y team from Beihang University, which got the highest score in Mission 8, won the Best Human-Machine Interaction Prize with 5,000 RMB. The HITCSC team from Harbin Institute of Technology won the Best Technology Prize with 2,000 RMB and the team from Indian Institute of Technology Bombay won the Best Performance Prize.

The competition was sponsored by Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) Chinese Society of Aeronautics & Astronautics (CSAA), Chinese Association for Artificial Intelligence (CAAI), Chinese Association of Automation (CAA), Beihang University and Chinese Society of Aeronautics Education. Prizes were offered by AUVSI.
The International Air Robot Competition, founded in 1991, is held once a year. It is promoted by Prof. Robert from the Georgia Institute of Technology and funded by AUVSI. The IARC has a history of 27 years and has moved aerial robotics forward from automatic control to autonomous control through eight missions.

Since the birth of the competition, seven missions have been completed by competitors from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University, Carnegie Mellon University, Technical University of Berlin, Tsinghua University, Zhejiang University and so on. The competition integrates research with practice in the design, navigation and control of unmanned vehicle, developing competitors’ teamwork spirit and innovation ability. It has become an influential technical innovation competition for undergraduates and graduates from universities at home and abroad.
 
Reported by Tang Renlin and An Kexin
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:372
TITLE:Beihang Students Return to Campus for New Semester
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2163.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Return to Campus for New Semester
                

                    Release time：August 25, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


August 24 marks a new beginning for Beihang students as the first phase of students returned to campus after seven mouths of online research and education because of the epidemic outbreak.

The first batch of move-in students are over 3,800 post-graduate students. “Although it has been a long time before I finally come back, everything here is still so familiar to me,” said one student, who had a cheerful look behind his face mask.
In order to ensure the safety of students, the university takes a variety of anti-epidemic measures. The “campus pass”,  student identity, body temperature and health code shall be checked before a student is allowed to enter the campus.



Beihang also prepares a “health care package” containing face masks, thermometer and hand sanitizers for each student arriving at the campus.



After verifying their identities and health states, students will be ferried to their dorms by a shuttle bus.



The buildings are mapped out with one-way systems. In student dorms and school canteens, face recognition systems are used to check students’ identities and measure body temperature.





According to the principle of entering the campus by staggered shifts, students will be divided into different groups to return to Beihang.







Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Song Chao and Tian Wei
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Di Bailu and Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:373
TITLE:Beihang Teacher Gives Report at the 16th Meeting of the International Committee on Global Navigation Satellite Systems
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3385.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teacher Gives Report at the 16th Meeting of the International Committee on Global Navigation Satellite Systems
                

                    Release time：October 18, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


On October 10, the16th Meeting of the International Committee on Global Navigation Satellite Systems (ICG-16), organized by the United Arab Emirates Space Agency (UAESA), was officially opened in Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates.
Global and regional satellite navigation system providers from China, USA, Russia, EU, Japan, India; ICG members such as Australia, Italy, UAE, Malaysia, New Zealand, Nigeria and Korea; ICG associate members and observers such as International Telecommunication Union (ITU), Bureau International des Poids et Mesures (BIPM), International Association of Geodesy (IAG), and invited observers such as Pakistan, Radio Technology Committee of Marine (RTCM), International Maritime Organization (IMO) attended the meeting.
Yang Changfeng, chief designer of Beidou satellite navigation system project, led the Chinese delegation to attend the meeting on-site. More than 60 representatives and experts from the Cyberspace Administration of China, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Transport, State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense, China Satellite Navigation Engineering Center, Beijing Satellite Navigation Center, National Time Service Center of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, China Electronics Technology Group Corporation, Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Beihang University, attended the meeting online. Yang Dongkai from the School of Electronic Information Engineering of Beihang University, as well as Jin Tian and Xiu Chundi attended the meeting as members of the Chinese delegation.
In the meeting of Working Group C, Jin Tian, Director of Beidou International Exchange and Training Center, gave a presentation entitled “Construction of BDS/GNSS Teaching and Practice Courses”, introducing China’s contribution to education, training and capacity building in the field of Beidou System (BDS) and Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS).

During the meeting, representatives from Beihang University and participants from various parties had in-depth exchanges and extensive discussions on the work related to education and training topics, and suggested continuing to strengthen the cooperation of regional centers under the ICG framework and seeking more development opportunities. In addition, Prof. Yang Dongkai proposed that the regional center cooperation institutions under the ICG framework join the MOOC (Massive Open Online Course) platform.
It is the first time that the Chinese delegation participated in the world satellite navigation conference in both online and offline modes after the completion of the Beidou-3 global satellite navigation system, and proposed Chinese solutions to many important issues, shaping a new pattern of international development of Beidou. The Center’s representatives actively voiced their opinions on the international education and capacity building of satellite navigation in the meeting, which, on the one hand, helped to enhance the international influence of Beidou, and on the other hand built a new platform to advance the Center's international development, making a positive contribution to the sustainable development of the Center.




Reported by Guo Yuanyuan
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:374
TITLE:Prof. Deng Yue Wins 2020 WAIC Youth Outstanding Paper Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2171.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Deng Yue Wins 2020 WAIC Youth Outstanding Paper Award
                

                    Release time：July 17, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC) 2020 has conducted a final review of the “WAIC Youth Outstanding Paper” award. An article entitled “Calculable analysis of cell-type composition from single-cell transcriptomics using deep recurrent learning”, which was published in Nature Methods in 2019, won the award. The article was written by Prof. Deng Yue from the School of Astronautics, Beihang University and Beijing Big Data Brain Computing Center.

Focusing on the effective analysis of brain dataset, Prof. Deng's research comes up with a new self-supervised recurrent learning approach to explore heterogeneous biological states within large and noisy datasets of single-cell transcriptional profiles by utilizing a recurrent network layer to iteratively perform imputations on zero-valued entries of input scRNA-seq data. The approach makes it possible to process millions of data in only tens of minutes without loss of accuracy, improving the single-cell profiling for brain studies.
Human brains feature a large number of cells and complex functions. The analysis of cognitive models of human brain is important in taking a leap from artificial intelligence to brain-inspired intelligence and creating new-generation brain-inspired intelligent algorithms.

The WAIC is committed to the personal growth of youth talents in the field of artificial intelligence and takes efforts to encourage innovative researches on artificial intelligence. In the WAIC 2020, the “WAIC Youth Outstanding Paper” award was initiated. 10 outstanding papers were selected out of a total of 184 entries from more than 80 universities and institutes at home and abroad and won the award.


Reported by Shi Jieyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Jin Rong
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:375
TITLE:5th International Workshop on Spintronic Memory and Logic Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3620.htm
TEXT:
5th International Workshop on Spintronic Memory and Logic Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 27, 2023 / 
                


Jointly organized by the School of Integrated Circuit Science and Engineering, Fert Beijing Institute in Beihang University, National Key Laboratory of Spintronics, and Beihang University Press, the 5th International Workshop on Spintronic Memory and Logic (SML) was held at Beihang University from October18 to October 21, 2023. Over 30 well-known scientists and outstanding young scholars from France, Germany, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore, Italy and other foreign countries were invited to share the latest research results and trends in the field of spintronic memory and logic with multiple domestic experts. A total of more than 400 people from universities and research institutes at home and abroad participated in the workshop. Zhao Weisheng, Vice President of Beihang University and Director of Fert Beijing Institute, Albert Fert, Nobel Prize winner in physics, and Yoshichika Otani from the University of Tokyo co-chaired the workshop.

Presided over by Zhao Weisheng, the opening ceremony first reviewed the development of Spintronics Interdisciplinary Center of Beihang University since its establishment ten years ago with a warm-up video. Beihang has recruited countless domestic and overseas talents and cultivated a large number of outstanding students with international vision and overseas exchange experience after years of development.

On behalf of Beihang University, Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, extended a warm welcome to the experts and highlighted Beihang's important contributions in the field of spintronics. He noted that Beihang has gained a growing influence in the field of spintronics due to extensive international exchanges and cooperation. Many important research results have been published in well-known journals such as Nature Electronics, Physical Review Letters and PNAS, and more international exchanges and cooperation are expected to bring more breakthroughs.

Professor Bert Koopmans from Eindhoven University of Technology was invited to deliver a speech, in which he reviewed the good memories and achievements attained in cooperating with Beihang in the past few years and expressed his recognition to Beihang students. Dr. Cai Wenlong also made a speech as an outstanding student representative. He emphasized the importance of international exchange and cooperation based on his Sino-French double training experience in Sweden, and thanked Beihang University for providing such a sufficient platform for international exchange.

Over 30 international experts presented their latest research results during this three-day workshop, which covered hot topics in spintronics, including both fundamental theoretical research and industrial applications. Professor Gerrit E.W. Bauer from Northeastern University and  University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Professor Lin Chen from Technical University of Munich, Professor Abdelmadjid Anane from Paris-Saclay University, Professor Nicolas Vernier from Paris-Saclay University, and Professor Jason Robinson from the University of Cambridge shared the latest advances in the microscopic characterization and physical properties of magnetic metals and semiconductors. Professor Giovanni Finocchio from the University of Messina, Professor Ahmad Awad from the University of Gothenburg, and Professor Hyunsoo Yang from National University of Singapore introduced the novel phenomenon of spintronic devices and their broad application prospects in areas such as brain-like computing. Researchers Kevin Garello (SPINTEC, France) and Jérémy Létang (Silicon Laboratories, Austria) introduced the development and research methods of spin memory chips and sensors from the perspective of advanced technology research and development.

Many international experts also shared the latest research directions in spintronics. Professor Albert Fert (Nobel Laureates in physics) from Paris-Saclay University, Professor Mathias Klaui from the University of Mainz, Professor Yoshichika Otani fron the University of Tokyo, and Professor Pietro Gambardella from ETH Zurich presented the measurement and observation of the new Orbital Hall Effect, its development and its potential applications in memory devices. Professor Jingsheng Chen from National University of Singapore, Professor Chih-Huang Lai from National Tsing Hua University, Professor Jörg Wunderlich from the University of Regensburg, and Professor Shunsuke Fukami from Tohoku University shared the performance advantages and broad prospects of anti-ferromagnetic memory and logic devices. Professor Stéphane Mangin from the University of Lorraine, Professor Henri Jaffres from Paris-Saclay University, Professor Grégory Malinowski from the University of Lorraine, Professor Tobias Kampfrath from the University of Berlin, and Professor Bert Koopmans from Eindhoven University of Technology focused on the physical mechanisms and applications of spintronic devices in optical regulation.

Forums for industry and young scientists were also staged along with the workshop. The industry forum invited more than ten domestic entrepreneurs in key fields to deliver keynote reports, discussing the bottleneck problems in technology research and development, manufacturing application, and product marketing. The forum for young scientists invited a number of outstanding young scholars from both home and abroad to share their latest research results with special focus on new spintronic memory and logic devices.
Participants conducted extensive and in-depth exchanges during the workshop. This workshop not only built an international platform for academic exchanges, but also expanded the participants’ global research vision and interdisciplinary research ability.




The workshop also features a poster presentation to showcase the latest research results from teachers and students at home and abroad. 100 outstanding posters were selected from a large number of high-quality submissions, providing attendees with a comprehensive look at cutting-edge research results and innovative ideas. Faculty and students actively engaged in this session and carried out in-depth academic discussion with experts from all over the world, further promoting the exchange of academic thinking. 




As a high-level workshop in the field of spintronics, the 5th workshop carried on the high standards and high quality of the previous four sessions. It demonstrated the increasing influence of Beihang University in the field of spintronics as well as the aspirations for exchanges and cooperation to the world.



Written by: Du Ao, Li Sai, Zhu Daoqian
Photos by: Liu Ming, Zhao Meng
Reviewed by: Gao Jing
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:376
TITLE:Senior Vice-President of University of Surrey Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2538.htm
TEXT:
Senior Vice-President of University of Surrey Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：May 11, 2018 / Liu Xinrui
                


On the afternoon of April 23, Vincent Emery, Senior Vice-President of the University of Surrey, visited Beihang University. Vice Presidents Huang Haijun and Fang Jiancheng, and Vice Secretary Cheng Jiwei met the guest at the New Main Building. Representatives of International Division and the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering also attended the meeting.


Prof. Huang Haijun first welcomed Prof. Emery, and then gave an overall introduction of Beihang University from the aspects of education, scientific research and international cooperation. Prof. Emery expressed his gratitude for the warm reception and introduced the basic situation, preponderant subjects and future strategic development of the University of Surrey. Both sides affirmed the matching degree of subjects between Beihang and Surrey as well as the prospect for cooperation, exchanged their views and reached a consensus on promoting collaboration in scientific research, deepening partnerships and building cooperative education projects.


During the visit, Prof. Emery also visited Beijing Air and Space Museum and Lunar Palace 1.
Founded in 1891, the University of Surrey is a famous research university in the UK which has three faculties: the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, the Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences and the Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences. There are 1,553 teachers and 16,065 students in the university. It ranks 264th in the QS World University Rankings 2018 and its strengths lie in the fields of electronic engineering, computer science, biological science, materials science, mechanical engineering, economics and management.
Edited by Zhou Mi
Translated by Liu Xinrui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:377
TITLE:Beihang’s Research Projects Bear Fruits at 2019 Annual Conference on Automation Education of China
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2291.htm
TEXT:
Beihang’s Research Projects Bear Fruits at 2019 Annual Conference on Automation Education of China
                

                    Release time：August 18, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On August 11, the 2019 Annual Conference on Automation Education of China was held at Shenyang Aerospace University.
Four outstanding projects stood out from 31 general projects of the research program on automation education and teaching reform initiated by the National Advisory Committee on Automation in Higher Education under the Ministry of Education. Entitled “The CDIO-OBE Based Reform of ‘Analog Electronic Technology’ Towards a Theory-Practice Integration”, the research project run by Associate Professor Xiao Jin from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering was one of the four selections.
Other members of the projects include Tang Yao, Zhang Xiulei, Zhang Jing, Huang Yaling, Hu Xiaoguang, Sun Dan, Fan Changbo, Wu Xingming and Ou Pan.

Besides, the conference also witnessed an award ceremony of the 2nd Experimental Equipment Design “Maker Competition” for Youth Teachers of Automation in Chinese Universities. 2 Gold Awards, 14 Silver Awards and 22 Bronze Awards were bestowed to the prize-winners in the battle among 39 projects from 30 universities including Zhejiang University, Nankai University, University of Science and Technology of China, Beihang University, etc.
“The Rapid Control Algorithm Development Platform for Multiple Rotors Based on PixHawk and Matlab”, a project from Beihang, received the highest honor of the competition—the Gold Award in the Motion Control Group. Associate Professor Quan Quan from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering is in charge of the project, collaborating with other members including Dai Xunhua, Wang Shuai, Ma Yaofei and Yin Beibei.
The competition was hosted by the National Advisory Committee on Automation in Higher Education under the Ministry of Education and co-organized by Zhejiang University and Shenyang Aerospace University.


Being held every two years, the Annual Conference on Automation Education of China provides a platform for learning and exchanging in the field of automation. The conference this year is attended by more than 600 participants including Prof. Zhou Jie, Director of the National Advisory Committee on Automation in Higher Education under the Ministry of Education, Prof. Zhang Tao, Chair of Education Committee of Chinese Association of Automation, Academician Zheng Nanning, President of Chinese Association of Automation and Academician Chai Tianyou from Northeastern University.

Reported by Zhang Jing
Edited by Shi Yue
Reviewed by Hu Xiaoguang
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:378
TITLE:Beihang University 2018 New Undergraduates Registration
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2480.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University 2018 New Undergraduates Registration
                

                    Release time：August 31, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On August 29th, 3909 new undergraduates from the Class of 2018 arrived on the beautiful Shahe campus of Beihang University, to start the new chapter of their lives.






Early in the morning, the freshmen excitedly arrived at the “Voice of the Century” square successively. Each department, college and school set up their own booths there to provide guidance for these freshmen to finish their registration. Under the help of volunteers and elder classmates, the freshmen and their parents experienced the convenient registration process and felt the warm welcome of the university.




Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice President Huang Haijun, Deputy Party Secretary Li Junfeng, and other leaders were present at the registration occasion to greet the freshmen, and also visited student dormitories and canteen. In the afternoon, the freshmen’s parents meeting was held in the stadium of Shahe campus.










Elaborate preparation has been done for the new undergraduates this year, including making the E-cards with RMB 100 yuan deposits in advance, introducing the intelligent settlement system as well as carrying out all-round renovation in canteen, opening “Greening Channel” for students whose families are financially difficult, enabling face-scanning technology for registration, etc.








On August 25, before the official registration, the freshman talent training camp which included various preparatory activities such as keynote speeches and debate competition to help the freshmen better adapt to the new life in Beihang and would be last for 4 days, was opened for 400 freshmen who registered voluntarily and were screened rigorously.
A series of distinctive activities will be carried out by each college to provide all-round help for the new undergraduates after enrolling in college.
  
Reported by Song Chao
Photographed by Lu Shujun, Yin Jiangxushan and Ding Beining
Edited by Song Chao and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:379
TITLE:Beihang Becomes Supporting Organization of Wandering Earth Exhibition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2358.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Becomes Supporting Organization of Wandering Earth Exhibition
                

                    Release time：April 9, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The Wandering Earth exhibition, jointly sponsored by China Film Co., Ltd. and China Science and Technology Museum (CSTM), was officially opened to the public for free in the east hall of CSTM in Beijing, April 4, 2019. Beihang University is one of the supporting organizations of this exhibition.

The opening ceremony was attended by La Peikang, Chairman of China Film Co., Ltd., Yin Hao, curator of CSTM, Gong Geer, representative of the “The Wandering Earth” production team, Tan Hualin, director of News Center of Beihang University, and some members from the technology and film industries.
Tenebrio moliters, a source of animal protein reared in the Lunar Palace 1 during the 365+5 days’ multi-crew closed integrative BLSS experiment at Beihang University, were showcased in the exhibition. “Diary of Lunar Palace” was continually played in the pavilion to inform visitors of the special life in the Moon Palace. Besides, scientific and detailed knowledge of aeronautics and astronautics was provided as panel description by student press corps of Beihang Publicity Ministry of the Party, which enables visitors to have a systematic and clear understanding of the development of aerospace technology and feel the tremendous efforts of human beings in the field of aerospace.

In this exhibition, more than a dozen costumes and props used in the film like the spacesuit worn by Liu Peiqiang, military exoskeleton of rescue team CN171-11, ground protective clothing Liu Qi wore, and AI Moss in “Navigator” space station made their premiere in the museum, along with 75 precious design manuscripts and nearly a hundred film stills. A series of high-end aerospace science and technology staff such as the astronaut seat on Shenzhou-10 and cabin crew uniforms of Tiangong-2 were also on display alongside the movie props, manifesting interesting fantasies about Hi-Tech's encounters with Sci-Fi.

“The Wandering Earth”, China’s first sci-fi blockbuster set in space, represents the grand theme of a community of shared future for mankind, exemplifies the striving spirit and national sentiments of the Chinese nation, and shows mankind's longing for the vast sky and the unknown universe. Since its opening in February 2019, the film ignited the grandiose interest and expectations of the public in Chinese science fiction.

Relevant educational activities and seminars will be launched during the exhibition. The exhibition will run until the end of June, and is planned to be exhibited in many science and technology museums throughout the country in the next year.

Reported by Sun He
Photographed by Zhang Zhanyu
Reviewed by Yu Min
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:380
TITLE:Academician Jiang Lei Wins 2017 Humboldt Research Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2546.htm
TEXT:
Academician Jiang Lei Wins 2017 Humboldt Research Award
                

                    Release time：April 2, 2018 / Liu Xinrui
                


On March 24th, Prof. Jiang Lei, Dean of the School of Chemistry, was given the Humboldt Research Award in Bamberg by Prof. Hans-Christian Pape, President of Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in recognition of his achievements in the field of bionic interface and his lead in the development of Materials Chemistry in Asia. Prof. Markus Antonietti, Head of Max Planck Institute of Colloids and Interfaces, evaluated Prof. Jiang’s achievements in this way: “His work contributed directly to the renaissance of colloid and interface chemistry”.
  
Prof. Jiang was receiving the award presented by Prof. Hans-Christian Pape 


Certificate of the Humboldt Research Award
Prof. Jiang Lei is an inorganic chemist, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, a foreign member of the National Academy of Engineering and a fellow of the World Academy of Sciences for the advancement of science in developing countries. His main achievement is the design and synthesis of surface material system with superwettability. Starting from the self-cleaning characteristic of lotus, Prof. Jiang found out that in some organisms’ two-dimensional planes, water-drop will transport in the form of self-moving. Then he developed a series of liquid transporting techniques for practical production and application in bionic way. What’s more, Prof. Jiang designed bionic nanochannels to obtain “blue energy”, the salinity energy. He also paid attention to the applications of his research products, like using superwettable equipment to achieve energy transformation, water purification and water collection in the desert area, which have produced huge social and economic benefits. The combination of bionic method and nanostructure is regarded as one of the most valuable fields in practical science.
Established in 1972, Humboldt Research Award is an award to outstanding scientists in the world except Germany in recognition of their great achievements. Until now, more than 40 Nobel Prize winners have been awarded this prize. According to the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation, candidates should have original theories, findings or inventions in their research fields and contribute a lot to the developments of these fields. In addition, candidates should be recommended by four famous scholars in the field. This prize is the highest honor of Alexander von Humboldt Foundation given to foreign scholars and has a high international reputation.
  
Edited by Shi YueTranslated by Liu Xinrui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:381
TITLE:Beihang Signs Comprehensive Strategic Cooperation Agreement with CASC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2414.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Comprehensive Strategic Cooperation Agreement with CASC
                

                    Release time：December 10, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Beihang University signed a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement with China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC) at Ruxin Conference Center on the afternoon of December 3. Wu Yansheng, Chairman of the Board of CASC, Yuan Jie, Executive Director and President of CASC, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, and other leaders attended the ceremony. President Xu Huibin presided over the signing ceremony.


The Conference Hall
Cao Shumin expressed her gratitude for the long-term support of CASC, and then introduced the development of Beihang in the fields of talent cultivation, discipline construction, scientific research and so on. She pointed out that colleges and universities played an important role in leading the national innovation, improving social and economic development, and Beihang would strive to break through the core technology and make contributions to the industrial development.


Cao Shumin delivered a speech
In his speech, Wu Yansheng affirmed the prominent contributions made by Beihang in recent years. He said that the strategic cooperation between CASC and Beihang has a solid foundation, and the signing of the agreement marks a new step forward in the cooperation between the two sides. He said that CASC and Beihang share the same ideals and goals. With a focus on the bright vision to make China a talent-rich, technology-powerful and aerospace-strong country, the two sides will work together to achieve fruitful results in basic research, technological research and engineering applications.


Wu Yansheng delivered a speech
Following in-depth discussions, Yang Baohua, Vice President of CASC and Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University signed the Comprehensive Strategic Cooperation Agreement on behalf of the two sides. According to the agreement, the two sides will deepen their strategic coordination and continuously raise science and technology level in aerospace on the basis of existing cooperation as well as the principle of “equal consultation, mutual complementarity, resource sharing, and practicality and efficiency”. They will contribute to facilitating the transformation and upgrading of national aerospace technology, and building leading domestic and world-class innovative aerospace enterprises and world-class universities rooted in China jointly.


Yang Baohua and Tao Zhi signed the agreement
The delegation of CASC also visited the Key Laboratory of Spacecraft Design Optimization and Dynamic Simulation Technology (Ministry of Education), Unmanned System Institute, and State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems of Beihang University.


The delegation of CASC visited the State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems
  
Reported and Edited by Song Chao
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Zhang Jiang
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:382
TITLE:Beihang and IPCP RAS Jointly Hold Technical Workshop
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3293.htm
TEXT:
Beihang and IPCP RAS Jointly Hold Technical Workshop
                

                    Release time：June 6, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On May 31, Beihang University and the Institute of Problems of Chemical Physics of the Russian Academy of Sciences (IPCP RAS) jointly held an online technical workshop. A total of 14 experts and scholars from China and Russia gave a special report, and more than 50 teachers and students attended the workshop. It was organized by China-Russia Science and Education Center of Beihang Research Institute of Aero-Engine and International School of Aero-Engine (hereinafter referred to as “the Institute and the School”), and was presided over by Professor Hu Dianyin, Executive Vice President of the Institute and the School and academician L.Yanovskiy of IPCP RAS.

At the beginning, Zhou Jianhua, director of the China-Russia Science and Education Center, extended warm greetings to Russian delegates in both English and Russian. Following that, Hu Dianyin introduced the development of the Institute and the School and the status quo of each group, hoping that the two sides could deepen mutual understanding, give full scope to their edges and seek for more cooperation in regard to science research and talent cultivation. Academician L. Yanovskiy gave a thorough introduction to the development of IPCP RAS and expected that the two sides could continue to strengthen all-round exchanges and promote future bilateral cooperation. He also suggested that both sides could work together in talent cultivation and basic research through further cooperation with Russian universities such as Lomonosov Moscow State University and Bauman Moscow State Technical University.

Scholars from both sides presented excellent sharing and discussion on basic research including heat transfer and cooling, fuel combustion, aeroacoustics, advanced material, etc. It was agreed that a special in-depth cooperation would be further discussed after the workshop. This bilateral workshop effectively promoted the growth of the China-Russia Science and Education Center, and laid a foundation for further cooperation.


Reported by Zhu Zidi
Reviewed by Wang Wenwen
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:383
TITLE:2018 BUAA – Rutgers Summer School Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2474.htm
TEXT:
2018 BUAA – Rutgers Summer School Held
                

                    Release time：September 10, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, a team of 18 undergraduates led by Associate Professor Zhao Guangyan and Students Counselor Liu Qiannan from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering took part in the 2018 BUAA – Rutgers Summer School.
Planned and prepared by BUAA and Rutgers University jointly, the summer school aimed at broadening the international horizon and enhancing the academic ability of students. 18 junior and senior students were selected based on their academic performance and English interviews.


The summer school lasted for three weeks. John from France and other four teachers from Rutgers University gave four English courses including Innovation, Engineering, Debate, and Graduate Prepare Writing, to guide students to learn, discuss, think, practice and summarize. Through paper writing, group debate, and presentation of results, the students developed their ability of innovation as well as cross-cultural communication and understanding, learnt about the basic elements and thinking mode of innovation practice, and raised their awareness to solve practical problems with engineering thinking.
Besides study, they visited the libraries, art galleries and churches of Rutgers University and enjoyed the remarkable scenery of New Brunswick, which deepened their understanding of western history, religion, architecture and campus life. In addition, they had an in-depth conversation about the study, life, and abroad career planning with their senior Lei Bo, who is currently pursuing a PhD at Rutgers University. 


Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, is a leading national research university and one of the Public Ivies. Established in 1766, Rutgers was originally chartered as Queen's College. It has the largest teaching and research team in reliability, and has set up a good relationship in scientific research exchanges and academic cooperation with Beihang for a long time.
For the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, the 2018 BUAA – Rutgers Summer School is one of its major international exchange programs and an essential step to internationalize the school. By organizing short-term student exchange program, the school learns about characteristics of foreign universities, impetuses students’ understanding of the development and related scientific research on reliability, and makes continuous efforts to cultivate first-class reliability and system engineering talents who have engineering and technical advantages. 
  
Reported by Liu Qiannan
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:384
TITLE:Poverty Alleviation-Themed Paintings by Dr. Gong Haoqin Exhibited at Beihang Art Gallery
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2335.htm
TEXT:
Poverty Alleviation-Themed Paintings by Dr. Gong Haoqin Exhibited at Beihang Art Gallery
                

                    Release time：May 17, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


An exhibition titled “Folks of Yangpo Village” opened at Beihang Art Gallery on May 9, displaying paintings of Dr. Gong Haoqin from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation about the poverty alleviation work in Zhongyang County, the city of Lyuliang, Shanxi Province. It was hosted by the Leading Group for Poverty Alleviation of Beihang University and organized by the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation.

At the opening ceremony

At the opening ceremony
The opening ceremony was attended by more than 50 people, including Wang Yunpeng, Vice President of Beihang University, members of the Leading Group for Poverty Alleviation, representatives of caregivers coming from the Lyuliang Mountain area and working at Beihang, as well as painters and artists in the field of media arts.

Wang Yunpeng addressed the audience at the opening ceremony
In his address, Mr. Wang congratulated Dr. Gong on the success of the exhibition and expressed his gratitude for those people from all walks of life who have been paying attention to and supporting the development and the poverty alleviation work of Beihang University. According to him, the Party Committee of Beihang University has been following the exposition of poverty alleviation by General Secretary Xi Jinping and leading the whole university to alleviate the poverty at Zhongyang County by making use of its advantages in education, research, talents and alumni and with the same vigor it has for the cause of aeronautics and astronautics.
He listed a series of numbers to visualize the work. Over a period of more than three years, Beihang leaders have visited Zhongyang County 13 times and the total number of leader visitors is 17. Four of the visits were attended by Beihang President and Secretary of the Party Committee. Every year more than 1,000 personnel exchanges take place between Beihang and Zhongyang County and the university provides training for over 1,500 cadres of the Party Committee and the local government as well as professionals of Zhongyang County. Located on the campus of Beihang, the Lyuliang Mountain Caregiving Service Center in Beijing has directly offered jobs of housekeeping and caregiving at Beihang and other communities nearby to 400 people from impoverished families. In August 2018, Zhongyang County became one of the first counties that were lifted out of poverty among the 36 poverty-stricken counties in Shanxi Province.
Mr. Wang attributed the achievements to the great support and wide participation of Beihang faculty, students and alumni, and he considered Dr. Gong as a representative of the teachers taking part in and devoting themselves to the poverty alleviation cause.
After him, speeches were delivered respectively by Prof. Ding Xilun, Dean of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, Prof. Cai Jinsong, Dean of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences and Curator of Beihang Art Gallery, Mr. Wang Bengong, a celebrated scholar and painter, Ms. Wang Sizhen, a representative of caregivers from Lyuliang Mountain area, and Dr. Gong.

Speeches were given by Prof. Ding Xilun, Prof. Cai Jinsong, Mr. Wang Bengong, Ms. Wang Sizhen and Dr. Gong
The exhibition has been visited by Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, as well as the faculty and staff from all branches of the university. It has received enthusiastic response from the visitors.

Dr. Gong was explaining the paintings to the visitors

A caregiver from Lyuliang Mountain area was explaining the paintings to the visitors

A caregiver from Lyuliang Mountain area was explaining the paintings to the visitors

At the exhibition

At the exhibition

At the exhibition

A group photo of the guests at the opening ceremony
Since last year, Dr. Gong has led his students to collect material for painting in Zhongyang County several times. Half a year was spent on creating the 77 oil paintings and sketches exhibited this time. These works are inspired by the real stories of the poverty alleviation work in Zhongyang County and created with the deep affection for the people there. They reflect not only the local customs of Lyuliang, an old revolutionary base area, but also the genuine efforts made by Beihangers to advance the poverty alleviation cause.

Reported and edited by Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:385
TITLE:International Symposium on Biomedical Engineering Proves
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2558.htm
TEXT:
International Symposium on Biomedical Engineering Proves
                

                    Release time：February 7, 2018 / Li Siying
                


The International Multilateral Symposium of Graduate on Biomedical Engineering was successfully held in the Conference Room 416 of Yifu Science Center, Beihang University. Eleven distinguished postgraduate students from four top European and American universities, namely, Colombia University, the University of Michigan, Stony Brook University, and the University of Strathclyde, attended the symposium, together with some of the faculty and postgraduate students from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang. Guo Meng, Secretary of the school’s Chinese Communist Youth League Committee, hosted the Symposium.
  
Hou Dandan, the school’s Deputy Party Secretary, delivered the opening address by extending a warm welcome to the foreign students at the event, saying that the symposium aims to promote academic communications, exchange of thoughts, innovation and cooperation.  
The symposium lasted for two days and centered on five issues, “Biomaterials and Tissues Engineering”, “Musculoskeletal Biomechanics”, “Rehabilitation and biomechanics”, “Genetics, Toxicology and Molecular cell”, and “Bioinstrumentation”. During the 19 academic reports, participating students home and abroad shared and discussed with one another their knowledge and views on the latest developments in the fields concerned.
  
The symposium proved to be a great opportunity for Beihang to deepen academic relations with first-class universities from Europe and America, especially on the subject of biological science and medical engineering.  
Edited by Hou AiqiTranslated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:386
TITLE:China NCPA Chorus Concert Staged in Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3471.htm
TEXT:
China NCPA Chorus Concert Staged in Beihang University
                

                    Release time：April 4, 2023 / Wen Li
                


On the evening of March 30, the “Glories and Dreams” China NCPA Chorus Concert, as a special performance for the third Beihang Arts Festival, was staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall, with the purpose of enriching the university’s aesthetic education, creating a deep cultural atmosphere and improving cultural and artistic accomplishment of teachers and students.

General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that the new journey is an expedition full of glories and dreams. This concert, as its name suggests, aimed to cultivate and promote the spirit of China in a new era, and to gather the spiritual power to advance in the new era. It opened with Sing a Folk Song for the Party (in Chinese: Chang Zhi Shan Ge Gei Dang Ting) and then presented adapted versions of classic lyrics including Empty World ((in Chinese: Zhe Shi Jie Na Me Duo Ren), Legend ((in Chinese: Chuan Qi), as well as the latest works choreographed and composed by the NCPA Chorus, such as Songs of the New Era ((in Chinese: Xin Shi Dai Ge Yao), Pilot ((in Chinese: Ling Hang) and China in the Light ((in Chinese: Deng Huo Li De Zhong Guo). The encores My People, My Country ((in Chinese: Wo He Wo De Zu Guo) and Ode to the Motherland ((in Chinese: Ge Chang Zu Guo) pushed the atmosphere to a climax. The audience followed the rhythm to clap their hands, expressing their eternal love for the Party and the motherland.



Aesthetic education plays an essential role in higher education, and music is a desired tool to achieve this effect. Immersed in these beautiful songs, teachers and students have enjoyed the extraordinary charm of music, and absorbed strengths and uplifting spirit.
Beihang University plans to introduce a series of artistic activities on both campuses in order to foster a high-quality university culture and promote the spirit of Beihang with the core of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics. It will continue to build platforms for refined arts and popular arts. High-end lectures, indoor art exhibitions, high-level art performances, as well as square activities, campus cinemas, May Fourth song festivals and lawn music festivals, will be held on the two campuses. With the help of these colorful activities, students are able to cultivate patriotic feelings and inherit the culture of aerospace, and the soft power and influence of the university will be improved.



Established on December 8, 2009, China NCPA Chorus is the resident chorus of National Centre for the Performing Arts. As the professional artistic performing group that belongs to the highest palace of performing arts, the chorus adheres to the NCPA's guiding principle of "for the people, for the arts, and for the world" and is recognized as a vigorous professional chorus with infinite potential. Since its establishment, the chorus has participated in more than 50 Chinese and foreign operas by NCPA and has also planned and performed in many large-scale vocal works and theme concerts. It also visited many countries and regions in Asia and Europe, and its performances have been critically acclaimed by audiences.


Reported by Chen Wenjia
Photographed by Huang Tianjia
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:387
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Two Gold and One Bronze Medals in 46th ACM-ICPC Asia Macau Regional Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3276.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Two Gold and One Bronze Medals in 46th ACM-ICPC Asia Macau Regional Contest
                

                    Release time：April 11, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


Beihang students won two gold and one bronze medals in the 46th ACM-ICPC Asia Macao Regional Contest held on April 3 at the University of Macau.
Nine students from three teams of Beihang University have participated in the contest online. After the five-hour competition, the team made up of Jin Liankai and Tang Yibang from the School of Computer Science and Engineering and Yang Zhenwei from the Chuanyuan College won the third place and was awarded a gold medal. This is the best result that Beihang University has ever achieved in ICPC so far in this season, ensuring Beihang a place in the world final. The other two teams also won one gold medal and one bronze medal respectively. Beihang is the only university to have two gold medal-winning teams out of the ten teams with gold medals.

The nine students who participated in the contest 
ICPC Macau Regional Contest is the fifth regional contest this year, with 103 teams from 59 universities including Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Tsinghua University, Beihang University, Peking University, University of Science and Technology of China, Xi’an Jiao Tong University, etc., participating in the competition.
ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest (ACM-ICPC) is the world’s largest top-level programming competition for college students, attracting the largest number of participants each year. Known as the “Olympic Games” in the IT industry, the contest aims to enable students to fully demonstrate their ability to analyze and solve problems with computers. The competition is held once a year. In the season of 2021-2022, ACM-ICPC has six regionals in east Asia, which are held in Jinan, Shenyang, Shanghai, Nanjing, Macau, and Kunming, respectively. The Asia-East Continent Final will be held in Xi’an after the regionals.
At Beihang University, the ACM-ICPC competition is organized and implemented by the Department of Academic Affairs and the School of Software, attracting undergraduate and graduate students from all schools. Founded in 2005, the ACM Training Team of Beihang University usually organizes a university-level competition on program design each year to select ACM contestants while improving students’ basic ability in program design.
ICPC regional contests are held once a week and usually last for half a year. Universities that are promoted in regional contests and Asia-East Continent Final will be qualified to compete in the World Final of ICPC next year.


Reported by Qu Yue
Reviewed by Zhang Desheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:388
TITLE:Two Young Scientists from Beihang Win 2021 XPLORER PRIZE
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3156.htm
TEXT:
Two Young Scientists from Beihang Win 2021 XPLORER PRIZE
                

                    Release time：September 17, 2021 / Liang Xiaochun
                


Two scientists from Beihang University, including Prof. Zhao Weisheng from the School of Integrated Circuit Science and Engineering and Prof. Chen Huawei from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, won the 2021 XPLORER PRIZE announced on September 13. A total of 50 young scientists were among the list this year.

Zhao Weisheng is a professor, doctoral supervisor and currently dean of the School of Integrated Circuit Science & Engineering at Beihang University. He is also a fellow of IEEE, a member of the tenth Committee of China Association for Science and Technology, a Yangtze River Scholar of the Ministry of Education, and a member of the IEEE Fellow Selection Committee. He has been served as Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems I-Regular Papers since 2020.
Prof. Zhao has long been engaged in the research of spintronics memory and logic devices, and established a multi-disciplinary research framework from device design, novel materials research to circuit design. He has verified the field-free switching of a perpendicular magnetic tunnel junction through the interplay of spin–orbit and spin-transfer torque (Nature Electronics 2018; IEDM 2019), making China reach the international advanced level in the field of third-generation spin chips with huge progress. In the recent five years, He has published more than 200 papers as the first or the corresponding author in Nature Electronics, Proceedings of the IEEE,  etc., and 7 highly cited papers. The total citation in Google Scholar is over 12,000, and the h-index reaches 60. He has transferred over 30 issued patents to Huawei and other companies.

Chen Huawei is a professor, PhD supervisor and currently deputy dean of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation of Beihang University. Prof. Chen received his PhD degree from the Tokyo Institute of Technology in Japan and once worked at the University of Wollongong, Australia and the Tokyo Institute of Technology. He has been honored with the National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars, ISBE outstanding contribution award, and was selected as one of the China's top ten cutting-edge technology figures. He serves on the editorial board of the Journal of Mechanical Engineering, China Surface Engineering and other journals.
Prof. Chen‘s research mainly covers onbio-inspired functional surface, micro-nano manufacture technology, etc. He has discovered a novel continuous uni-directional liquid spreading mechanism, developed the gradient Taylor capillary rise theory,  proposed the bionic anti-icing coating technology which has been applied in major projects, and published China’s first paper in the field of mechanical engineering in Nature. Prof. Chen works as the leader of more than 20 national and military projects. He is also the author of over 80 SCI/EI papers published in Nature, Nature Materials, etc.
Established in 2018, the XPLORER PRIZE is a public welfare award initiated by Tencent Foundation in partnership with leading scientists. It is one of the grant programs with the highest amount of funding for young scientists in China. Adhering to the principle of “looking into the future, rewarding the potential and encouraging the exploration”, the XPLORER PRIZE is awarded to young scientists aged 45 or below who are working full-time in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macao in basic science and frontier technology fields. No more than 50 winners are selected each year, and each winner will receive a total of 3 million RMB within five years.


Editor: Jia Aiping
Translator: Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:389
TITLE:Beihang Students Win 3 Gold, 1 Silver and Runner-up Trophy in ICPC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3138.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win 3 Gold, 1 Silver and Runner-up Trophy in ICPC
                

                    Release time：July 27, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


From July 17 to 18, the 45th International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) East Asia Regional Competition (Shenyang Division) was held at Northeastern University. Four teams from Beihang University have won three gold medals and one silver medal, and the team “Cangxiang” composed of Zhong Zihao, Peng Maoxiaomin and Wen Jiahao from the School of Computer Science and Engineering was honored the runner-up trophy.

This has been the best achievement of Beihang University in ICPC over the past three years. A total of 285 teams from 156 universities took part in this competition.
The competition in Shenyang Division is the last competition of the 2020-2021 ICPC Regional Competition. Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, this competition lasted for more than eight months, spanning from 2020 to 2021 and covering seven divisions, including Shanghai, Nanjing, Jinan, Kunming, Yinchuan, Macao, and Shenyang. In April 2021, the Final of the China Division were held in Xi’an, with a total of 8 competitions.

Beihang has organized 14 training teams (each with 3 people) for the competition, with members from seven schools including School of Computer Science and Engineering, School of Software, School of Cyber Science and Technology, School of Mathematical Sciences, ShenYuan Honors College, School of Economics and Management, and School of Beijing. The ICPC training team of Beihang University participated in all the seven sub-races and the finals in China. In these eight competitions, teams from Beihang University have won 13 gold medals, 11 silver medals, and 2 bronze medals in total.

The ICPC training team of Beihang University also participated in the 6th China Collegiate Programming Contest (CCPC), an annual competition sponsored by China Collegiate Programming Contest Association for college students all over the country. All of the 12 teams from Beihang University received awards in the sub-competitions, winning 3 gold medals, 5 silver medals, and 4 bronze medals. One team composed of Peng Maoxiaomin, Zou Zengyu and Song Hangyang from the School of Computer Science and Engineering was selected for the final and won a bronze medal.
ICPC is recognized as an international collegiate programming contest with the largest scale, the highest level and the largest number of participants in the world, with the aim to enable students to fully demonstrate their abilities to analyze and solve problems with computers. Known as the “Olympic” competition in the IT industry, it is highly concerned by the world’s top IT enterprises and attracts the active participation of the world’s top universities and colleges every year.


Reported by Song You
Reviewed by Zhang Desheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:390
TITLE:Prof. Shen Chengping’s Research Group Publishes Article in PRL
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2495.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Shen Chengping’s Research Group Publishes Article in PRL
                

                    Release time：July 25, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, a research team led by Shen Chengping, Professor from the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering at Beihang University, and co-authors form the University of Science and Technology of China and the Institute of High Energy Physics of the Chinese Academy of Science, published their collaborative results of the BESIII experiment entitled Observation of a00(980)−f0(980) Mixing in Physical Review Letters (PRL) as a letter of “Editors’ Suggestion”.
BESIII is the only high energy collision experiment now in China. Since it first accessed data by collision in 2009, it has been running successfully until now. A large amount of data has been accumulated about charmonium, and a series of significant results have been achieved. One of the vital goals of BESIII is to study lepton-hadron physics with charmonium decay. Although light scalar mesons a00(980) and f0(980) have been well-established in experiments for about 40 years, their structures and properties have always been controversial. Because of the peculiar feature of the two mesons, besides normal quark-antiquark meson state, their theoretical alternative for mulations include tetraquark state, KK molecule, and quark-antiquark gluon hybrid. In the research, the mixing signals of a00(980) and f0(980) are first observed with over 5 of the standard deviation. In addition, they have obtained constraints on ga0K+K− and gf0K+K− by scanning the two coupling constants in the region of [0.0, 6.0] GeV (in Fig.1, colors represent the statistical significance of the mixing signal), which sensitively probe the structures and properties of a00(980) and f0(980).

Fig.1 The statistical significance of the signal scanned in the two-dimensional space of ga0K+K− and gf0K+K−
The research is supported by the Recruitment Program for Young Professionals, National Natural Science Foundation of China for Distinguished Young Scholars and other programs. The corresponding author of this article, Dr. Yan Wencheng, graduated from the Department of Modern Physics of the University of Science and Technology of China in July 2016. In March 2017, he began his postdoctoral research in the team of Prof. Shen Chengping, and participated in the BESIII experiment in Beijing and Belle II high energy experiment in Japan.
The paper is available at https://journals-aps-org-443.e.buaa.edu.cn/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.121.022001
 
Reported by Cai Hongyan
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:391
TITLE:Propulsion and Power Research Selected for China Science and Technology Journal Excellence Action Plan
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3160.htm
TEXT:
Propulsion and Power Research Selected for China Science and Technology Journal Excellence Action Plan
                

                    Release time：September 28, 2021 / Li Xueru
                


On September 26, Propulsion and Power Research, an English science and technology journal sponsored by Beihang University, was announced for inclusion in the 2021 China Science and Technology Journal Excellence Action Plan.
The China Science and Technology Journal Excellence Action Plan, jointly implemented by the China Association for Science and Technology, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the National Press and Publication Administration, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and the Chinese Academy of Engineering, is the most powerful project that attracts the most funds and gets the widest range of major supports in the field of sci-tech periodicals in China. It aims at promoting the high-quality development of Chinese sci-tech journals, speeding up the construction of world-class sci-tech academia, and consolidating the scientific, technological and cultural foundation to build China into a world sci-tech power. The plan consists of seven sub-projects, including leading journals, key journals, echelon journals, high starting point journals, clustering pilots, international digital publishing service platforms, and high-level journal personnel.
Established in 2012, Propulsion and Power Research is an English journal jointly published by Beihang University and KeAi. Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, serves as the editor of the journal. It mainly publishes high quality original research articles and general reviews in fundamental research aspects of aeronautics/astronautics propulsion and power engineering, including, but not limited to, system, fluid mechanics, heat transfer, combustion, vibration and acoustics, solid mechanics and dynamics, control and so on. The journal is committed to becoming a platform for displaying the latest research achievements, disseminating cutting-edge academic ideas and exchanging different academic viewpoints. Since its inception, the journal has received great supports from the editorial team, experts and scholars, authors and readers.


Reported by Feng Feifei
Reviewed by Yan Xiaojun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:392
TITLE:Signing Ceremony between AVIC and Beihang to Jointly Build AGH Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2397.htm
TEXT:
Signing Ceremony between AVIC and Beihang to Jointly Build AGH Held
                

                    Release time：January 2, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On the morning of December 26, the signing ceremony between Beihang University and Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) to jointly build the Aviation General Hospital (AGH) was held at the Ruxin Conference Center of Beihang University. Those in attendance included Tan Ruisong, Chairman of AVIC, Luo Ronghuai, President of AVIC, Wu Xiandong, Executive Vice President of AVIC, Li Yao, Chief Accountant of AVIC, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, Fang Jiancheng, Vice President of Beihang University and so on. The ceremony was hosted by President Xu.

The ceremony
Cao Shumin congratulated on the event and expressed gratitude for AVIC’s long-term support for Beihang University. She pointed out that the two sides would both make full use of their advantages to jointly build the AGH and conduct higher-level cooperation in other fields such as top-notch talents cultivation, industry-university-research innovation and the practical application of major scientific research, in order to contribute to the development of a powerful country with thriving aviation industry.

Cao Shumin spoke at the event
Tan Ruisong thanked Beihang for its effort in cultivating talents, tackling key scientific problems and providing support for the aviation industry. He stated that AVIC and Beihang had stood together through thick and thin for the past 60 years and formed deep connections with each other. He said that the joint establishment of the AGH marked a significant step of the two sides to deepen major strategic cooperation. He hoped that Beihang and AVIC can adopt a down-to-earth approach to work and make greater contributions to the aviation industry.

Tan Ruisong delivered the speech
At the ceremony, Li Yao and Fang Jiancheng signed the agreement on behalf of the two sides. Tan Ruisong, Luo Ronghuai and Wu Xiandong from AVIC as well as Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin, Liu Shuchun and Li Junfeng from Beihang witnessed the moment.

The representatives of the two sides signed the agreement

Group photo of the representatives of AVIC and Beihang
Over the years, Beihang has been committed to developing top-rank engineering programs, first-class science programs, high-quality liberal arts programs and competitive biomedical engineering programs. To meet the demands of the country’s strategic development, the university has endeavored to promote a biomedical engineering discipline with Beihang characteristics. In the 4th round of 2017 China Discipline Ranking (CDR), the discipline of biological science and medical engineering of Beihang University was evaluated as level A. In 2016, two advanced innovation centers of Beihang University, Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering and Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data-Based Precision Medicine, were established. Besides, many great breakthroughs have been made by the university on pilot life support system, skydiving protection, weightlessness and overload monitor, ergonomics and so on.
Founded in 1972, the AGH was affiliated with AVIC. After 40 years’ development, AGH has become a large tertiary hospital, which integrates medical care, teaching, research, and diseases prevention. It is the leading hospital of AVIC Medical Group, undertaking the tasks of aeromedical research, health maintenance of flight crew, prevention of occupational disease, flight test life support, medical care of neighbouring residents and so on.
 
Reported by Yu Min
Photographed by Di Bailu and Han Siyu
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping and Xiong Ting
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:393
TITLE:Vice President Flavio Salazar of University of Chile Visits Beihang and Renews Cooperation Agreement
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2319.htm
TEXT:
Vice President Flavio Salazar of University of Chile Visits Beihang and Renews Cooperation Agreement
                

                    Release time：June 6, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of June 5th, a delegation of 17 people led by Flavio Salazar, Vice President of the University of Chile, visited Beihang University. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun met the guests at the conference center of New Main Building, along with relevant leaders from International Division, Sino-French Engineer School, International School and the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering.

During the talk, Huang Haijun extended his welcome to the delegates and reviewed the achievements made by the two universities in personnel training and scientific research since the establishment of cooperative partnership. He hoped that both sides would further strengthen exchanges and expand cooperation in the future. Following him, Li Deyu, Director of International Division, briefed the guests on the status quo and latest development of Beihang University.
Salazar thanked for the warm reception and gave a brief introduction to the teaching and scientific research at the University of Chile. Both sides fully exchanged views and reached consensus on such aspects as student exchange programs and bilateral seminars in the fields of medicine, space science, and machinery manufacturing.
After the talks, Huang Haijun and Salazar, on behalf of the two universities, renewed the “Student Exchange Agreement between Beihang University and University of Chile”. According to the agreement, the two universities will further enhance student exchange and joint training programs in the future.

During their stay, the delegates paid visits to Sino-French Engineer School and Regional Centre for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific (China) at Beihang University. They also conducted group communication with Beihang professors of computer, biomedical engineering, medical science, environment and energy.


Founded in 1842, the University of Chile is one of the oldest and most prestigious public universities in Latin America, as well as one of Beihang's most important partners in Latin America. The university has many notable alumni, including 20 Chilean presidents, 2 Nobel Prize winners, and 187 national laureates. It is ranked 208th according to the QS World University Rankings 2019. Beihang signed a memorandum of cooperation and student exchange agreement with the University of Chile in 2013.

Reported by Cao Qizheng
Photographed by Zhang Dengke
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:394
TITLE:Beihang Provides 10 Convenient Services to Students during Lockdown Period
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3287.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Provides 10 Convenient Services to Students during Lockdown Period
                

                    Release time：May 20, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


At present, Beijing is at a critical juncture in epidemic prevention and control. On May 16, Beihang further strengthened the close-off management of the campus.
To care for teachers and students and overcome difficulties, the university took action quickly and provided preferential treatment and convenient services for students through “10 heart-warming measures” as follows:
1. Each student will receive 50GB of mobile data, and the unused data will roll over to the next month.
2. The sports field on Xueyuan Road Campus is open 24 hours a day for convenient access and exercise; 20% discount on admission fees for swimming pools, badminton and table tennis courts is offered on both campuses.
3. YourGoal supermarket offers a 12% discount on its products and   22% special discount on fruits.
4. Cafes on both campuses provide 20% discount on commodities (including 6 yuan shared coffee), enrich food varieties and extend opening hours.
5. The dining halls of the two campuses are open for midnight snack. The Second Dining Hall of Xueyuan Road Campus and the First Dining Hall of West District on Shahe Campus set up service windows for night snack.
6. Medical stations are set up on both campuses to facilitate medical treatment of teachers and students and reduce the flow of people.
7. All the faculty and staff in the closed-loop management are on duty as nucleic acid testing volunteers.
8. Dedicated classrooms for online courses are open in the Middle School Division of Experimental School of Beihang University to serve university teachers and students.
9. Professional shared interview space for graduates are provided; intelligent consulting system and online employment guidance are launched; online application approval and self-service printing services are offered as well.
10. Party secretaries, deans and all counselors of each school visit the student dormitory to care for students and solve problems for them.


Reported by Zhu Quan, Zhang Keli and Zhang Xiuhui
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:395
TITLE:Beihang and Tsinghua Share Highest Honor of 16th “Challenge Cup” Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2251.htm
TEXT:
Beihang and Tsinghua Share Highest Honor of 16th “Challenge Cup” Contest
                

                    Release time：November 14, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


The final of the 16th “Challenge Cup” National College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Contest came to an end as its closing ceremony took place on November 12. Its highest honor, the Challenge Cup, went to Beihang University and Tsinghua University, which won six grand prizes and five grand prizes as well as one first prize respectively.
The contest was hosted by the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League of China (CYLC), the China Association for Science and Technology (CAST), the Ministry of Education (MOE), the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS), All-China Students Federation (ACSF) and the People's Government of Beijing Municipality, organized by Beihang University, and sponsored by Beihang Investment Co., Ltd.

The closing ceremony of the 16th “Challenge Cup” contest

The closing ceremony of the 16th “Challenge Cup” contest

The closing ceremony of the 16th “Challenge Cup” contest
There were six entries from Beihang University, which came from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, the School of Economics and Management, the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering and the School of Physics respectively. All of them won the grand prize, bringing Beihang the Challenge Cup.
Prepared since January 2018, these projects received careful guidance from teachers and much attention from leaders of the university and the schools. Therefore, during the final, the project teams were unanimously recognized for their solid foundation of specialized knowledge and skills as well as excellent ability to innovate, fully showing the all-round development and the courage to blaze new trails characteristic of Beihang students.

Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, delivered a speech on behalf of the organizer

Yuan Yaxiang, Member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Director of the national panel of judges of the contest, introduced the evaluation work

Yin Xiao, Vice Director and Secretary General of the national organizing committee of the contest and Deputy Head of the Youth Development Department of the Central Committee of CYLC, introduced the organization of the contest on behalf of the organizing committee

Winners of the Award for Progressive Innovation received certificates from Wu Fayuan, a winner of the first prize of the 6th “Challenge Cup” contest, and Meng Fanrong, a winner of the first prize of the 11th “Challenge Cup” contest

Guo Wenjie, Vice Secretary of Beijing Committee of CYLC, presented the Award for Special Contribution to Beihang Investment Co., Ltd., the sponsor of the contest

Shi Xinming, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary General of China Guanghua Foundation presented winners of the Award for Significant Progress with the certificates

Pei Huan, Secretary of the Party Committee and President of the China Foundation for Youth Entrepreneurship and Employment, presented the Provincial Award for Outstanding Organization to the winners

Universities ranking from 2nd to 21st in terms of team total received the Champion Cup from Ms. Yin and Liu Chuang, a winner of the first prize of the 1st “Challenge Cup” contest

Universities ranking from 22nd to 41st in terms of team total received the Champion Cup from Liu Huiqiang, Vice Director of Children and Youth Science Center of CAST, and Wang Xiaoxia, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection of the organs directly under CASS

First authors of the science projects winning the grand prize received the certificates from Mr. Yuan, Xiong Zhuo, Secretary of Beijing Committee of CYLC, and Zhang Rong, Secretary of Sichuan Committee of CYLC

First authors of the art projects winning the grand prize received the certificates from Mr. Yuan, Mr. Xiong and Mr. Zhang

Fu Zhenbang, Secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee of CYLC, awarded the Challenge Cup to Beihang University (middle) and Tsinghua University (right)
Since the 16th “Challenge Cup” contest began, nearly three million young students participated in the university round held in 1,573 universities. After the province round, 1,513 entries from the Chinese Mainland made their way to the national round, in which 786 received the third prizes and 426 went to the final round after the preliminary evaluation. 21 projects from Hong Kong and Macau also reached the final.
During the final, over 100 experts from research institutions, high-tech enterprises and so on served as judges and decided the 35 winners of the grand prize, 105 winners of the first prize and 286 winners of the second prize among the entries from Chinese Mainland as well as three winners of the first prize, eight winners of the second prize and 10 winners of the third prize among the entries from Hong Kong and Macau. In addition, there were 14 winners of the Award for Progressive Innovation designed to encourage continuous innovation. To enhance participation, the judges also selected 13 winners of the Provincial Award for Outstanding Organization, five winners of the Provincial Award for Significant Progress and 11 winners of the University-Level Award for Significant Progress. 44 universities won the Champion Cup, and Beihang and Tsinghua shared the Challenge Cup, the highest honor of the contest.

“Navigate the Youth”, a medley performed by all the Beihang members of the Chorus for the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of China and Beihang Student Dance Troupe

“I Will Not Waste My Youth”, a song and dance performance

“Dream Chaser”, a dance performed by Beihang Student Dance Troupe

“Our Motherland Never Forgets”, a song sang by Ai Wenjun, who represented the entrepreneurs among Beihang alumni

A performance by Beihang University Marching Band
At the closing ceremony, the contestants issued a proposal of “Realizing Our Dream Through Challenge and Serving Our Country with Scientific and Technological Innovation” and called upon young students to become people with ideals, goals, capabilities, backbone, good qualities and self-cultivation, a sense of responsibility and achievements in a new era, and to contribute to the realization of Two Centenary Goals through scientific and technological innovation.

The handover ceremony of the “Challenge Cup” flag
The ceremony also witnessed Mr. Fu and Mr. Zhao handing over the “Challenge Cup” flag to Guo Yong, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Sichuan University, the next organizer of the contest.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Lu Shujun, Ding Beining, Qian Siyuan, Yin Jiangxushan, Tian Wenhao and Gao Runqi
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:396
TITLE:Five Teachers of Beihang Received 2022 Beijing Disitinguished Teacher Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3380.htm
TEXT:
Five Teachers of Beihang Received 2022 Beijing Disitinguished Teacher Award
                

                    Release time：October 7, 2022 / Liang Xiaochun
                


Recently, the Beijing Municipal Commission of Education has released the list of winners for the 18th Beijing Disitinguished Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions and the 6th Beijing Disitinguished Young Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions. All five recommended teachers of Beihang University were awarded. Among them, Prof. Wang Zulin from the School of Electronics and Information Engineering, Prof. Wang Yandong from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, and Prof. Zhu Ying from the School of Chemistry won the Beijing Disitinguished Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions. Prof. Liu Hu from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and Prof. Xie Huiyuan from the School of Marxism were honored with the Beijing Disitinguished Young Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions.
As one of the most important teaching awards in Beijing with wide recognition and influence, the award aims to give full play to the exemplary role of model teachers, deepen education and teaching reform, and promote the development of education quality. Up to now, a total of 55 teachers from Beihang University have been awarded Beijing Disitinguished Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions and 11 teachers have been awarded Beijing Disitinguished Young Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions.

Prof. Wang Zulin, Winner of Beijing Disitinguished Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions
Prof. Wang Zulin has been engaged in teaching and research work for 33 years. He mainly carries out basic and applied research in image processing and modern communication theory and technology. He is now a member of the Teaching Steering Committee of Electronic Information Specialty of the Ministry of Education, the deputy director of the Professional Committee of Detection and Guidance Technology, Chinese Society of Astronautics, a member of the Teaching Steering Committee of Beihang University, and the responsible professor of the electrical course cluster of the School of Future Aerospace Technology. He once worked as an expert group member of the National High-tech Research and Development Programs.
Prof. Wang is in charge of the national first-class undergraduate major construction site, a university-level high-quality curriculum, and university-level first-class undergraduate courses, and teaches Image Signal Processing, Digital Signal Processing and other compulsory courses. In teaching, he always pays attention to the combination of imparting knowledge and cultivating innovation consciousness. Under the support of the key teaching reform projects of the university, he carries out small-size class teaching reform and practice, and makes use of the resources of the National Experimental Teaching Demonstration Center, such as Aerospace Electronic Information, to promote students’ practical ability. Under the New Engineering Education Reform of the Ministry of Education, Prof. Wang promotes the reform of training programs with intelligence as the background. At the same time, he focuses on internationalization in talent training, and carries out in-depth exchanges and cooperation with internationally renowned universities such as the University of Nottingham, the University of Sydney and Lund University.
Prof. Wang has won two second prizes of National Teaching Achievements, one first prize of Technical Invention of the Ministry of Education, three first prizes of Beijing Teaching Achievement, Educational Innovation Pacesetter of Beijing Federation of Trade Unions, the first prize of faculty fellowships provided by AVIC Chengdu Aircraft Industrial (Group) Co., Ltd., etc. He has published ten papers on education reform and presided over the New Engineering Education Reform of the Ministry of Education with an excellent conclusion.

Prof. Wang Yandong, Winner of Beijing Disitinguished Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions
Prof. Wang Yandong has been engaged in teaching and research work for 28 years. She is now the leader of the teaching team of the national first-class undergraduate course Principle of Automatic Control  and the leader of Beijing Outstanding Undergraduate Education Team. Prof. Wang is mainly engaged in the research of control theory, inertial navigation, integrated navigation and guidance technology.
Since 1994, Prof. Wang has been teaching at the university, always committed to teaching, educating, and meticulously practicing the mission and responsibility of an academic. In the course of teaching, she has actively carried out course construction and reform, and her course Principle of Automatic Control  has been awarded Beijing High-quality Course, National High-quality Course, National Bilingual Teaching Model Course and the first batch of national first-class undergraduate courses. Prof. Wang has edited and published four textbooks, two of which are textbooks listed in the 11th Five-Year National Plan for General Higher Education, and she has co-edited five textbooks. As the main author of the teaching achievement Teaching Reform and Practice for Course of Principle of Automatic Control, she won the first prize of Beijing Higher Education Teaching Achievement.
She has been awarded the titles of Beijing Advanced Individual on Teachers' Ethics, Beihang Distinction Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation, Beihang Advanced Teacher, Ten Best Teachers Award of the "I Love My Teacher" event, and Outstanding CPC Member of Beihang University.

Prof. Zhu Ying, Winner of Beijing Disitinguished Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions
Prof. Zhu Ying has been in the front line of teaching and research for nearly 30 years, mainly engaged in the development and application of functional nanomaterials. She is currently a member of the Committee of Women Chemists of Chinese Chemical Association and an expert of the national key special project.
As the principal of the chemistry course cluster and the Basic Chemistry (1) course in Beihang University, Prof. Zhu undertook several key projects of central universities and university-level education reform. With the educational philosophy of integrating science and education to cultivate innovation, she has built a chemistry curriculum with air and space characteristics, and her course, Basic Chemistry (1), was awarded as Quality Undergraduate Course in Beijing. Prof. Zhu has also edited and published teaching materials such as Introduction to Aerospace Materials Chemistry and Bioinspired Intelligent Nanostructured Materials, and transformed scientific research results into undergraduate teaching resources. In recent years, the undergraduates under her guidance have won more than 20 national and provincial-level science and technology awards. As one of the instructors of Student Science and Technology Volunteer Service Team of Beihang University, she led the team to carry out science and innovation education for rural primary and secondary schools in Zhongyang County, Shanxi Province, and won the title of “Best Practice Team” of National College Students Top 100 Summer Practice Team 2021.
Prof. Zhu has been awarded the second prize of the National Natural Science Award, the first prize of the Beijing Science and Technology Award, the New Century Talent Support Program of the Ministry of Education, the Baosteel Excellent Teacher Award, the Beihang Distinction Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation, the Beihang Advanced Teacher, and Ten Best Teachers Award of the “I Love My Teacher” event.

Prof. Liu Hu, Winner of Beijing Disitinguished Young Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions
Prof. Liu Hu is the executive deputy director of the Department of Aircraft Design, the director of the national first-class offline undergraduate course Aircraft Conceptual Design, the national virtual simulation experimental teaching first-class undergraduate course Stealth Aircraft Exploration and Design, the Beijing curriculum ideological and political demonstration course Classic Aircraft Design Case Analysis, and Aerospace Force Operation and Mission Simulation, the resource sharing course of University Alliance in Shahe Higher Education Park. Prof. Liu is also the deputy director of the Key Laboratory of Aircraft Advanced Design Technology, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the deputy director of the National Virtual Simulation Experiment Teaching Center of Aeronautic Science and Technology, the director general of the Emergency Rescue Branch of the Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and an editor of the Chinese Journal of Aeronautics.
In the past 16 years, Prof. Liu has been in charge of the teaching reform of the core general disciplines of flight vehicle design and engineering, such as Overall Design of Aircraft. He proposed and developed a team design competition model for students from the school to the whole country, created a multi-dimensional series of virtual simulation experiment support system, and led the establishment of an intracampus-intercampus-international joint quality resource course cluster. Prof. Liu is also the editor-in-chief of the textbook Overall Design of Aircraft. Jointly prepared by seven universities and two industrial departments: Aviation Industry Corporation of China, Ltd. and Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd, this textbook was evaluated as a high-quality undergraduate textbook of Beijing universities, recommended by the Teaching Guidance Committee of the Ministry of Education for Higher Education in the field of aerospace, and listed in the 14th Five-Year National Plan of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
He has been awarded the special prize of Beijing Teaching Achievement, four first prizes of Beijing Teaching Achievement Award, the advanced individual of “Youth Serving Country” Capital Student Volunteers at Social Practices in Summer Vacation, Beihang Outstanding Young Teacher Award, and the Beihang Distinction Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation.

Prof. Xie Huiyuan, Winner of Beijing Disitinguished Young Teacher Award in Higher Education Institutions
Prof. Xie Huiyuan has been engaged in teaching and research work for 15 years, and has been appointed as the researcher of the Research Center of Ethics and Moral Construction of Renmin University of China, the researcher of the Institute for Ethics and Religions Studies of Tsinghua University, and a member of the Academic Committee of the Research Base of Party Construction in Colleges and Universities in Beijing. She also serves as a director of the China Association for Ethical Studies, the Beijing Society of Ethics, the Marx and Engels Research Association of China, etc. Prof. Xie is mainly engaged in research in ethics, political philosophy, and ideological and political education in colleges and universities.
Prof. Xie always adheres to the mission of moral education, innovates thematic and hybrid teaching reform, and presides over three provincial and ministerial-level teaching reform projects. As the subject leader, Prof. Xie leads the team to crack the key and difficult teaching issues, and promotes the application of achievements through publishing textbooks, papers, recording MOOC and keynote presentations with multiple dimensions. She has taught ten undergraduate and graduate courses, built a three-dimensional teaching system that integrates knowledge, methodology, ability and literacy, and created a learning, interpretative and open classroom. She was awarded the Beijing Excellent Teacher and Beijing Excellent Teacher of Ideological and Political Theory Classes in Universities (the first batch), and won the Basic Teaching Skills Competition of Ideological and Political Theory Course in Beijing Universities twice.
Prof. Xie presided over and completed eight national, provincial and ministerial-level projects of the National Social Science Fund of China, Beijing Social Science Foundation and key projects of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. She has published nearly 80 teaching and research papers in English and Chinese, and edited five textbooks and five monographs and translations. She has received eight provincial and ministerial awards, including the second prize of the 13th Session of Outstanding Beijing Philosophy and Social Science Achievement Award, the Beijing Young Talent, and the Outstanding Achievement Award for Ideological and Political Education for University Students in Beijing.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:397
TITLE:Beihang 2021 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3116.htm
TEXT:
Beihang 2021 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony Held
                

                    Release time：June 21, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On the morning of June 19, the 2021 Beihang University Graduation and Commencement Ceremony for Undergraduates was grandly held at Beihang Gymnasium. More than 3,800 undergraduates of the class of 2021 and nearly 900 undergraduates of the class of 2020 attended the ceremony and witnessed the important moment of their life.


Among the attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun and Zhang Guang, Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, alumni representative Li Dong, teacher representatives Gong Shengkai from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, Su Donglin from the School of Electronics and Information Engineering and Zhao Weisheng from the School of Integrated Circuit Science and Engineering, and leaders from various schools and departments. Vice President Huang Haijun presided over the ceremony.


The four years of precious college experiences gradually unfolded before the graduates’ eyes as the memories were pieced together by the opening video Set Sail for a New Journey (in Chinese: Qi Hang Xin Zheng Cheng), which reviewed the glittering moments full of youthful vitality and hard work.


The graduation ceremony formally kicked off with the solemn national anthem on the warm and sunny Saturday morning. The blue and white seats were arranged in a unique pattern, with the words “I ♥ BUAA”.



The graduation ceremony also witnessed the honorary awarding ceremony for Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing announced by Cao Shumin, Undergraduate Defense Employment Scholarship announced by Liu Shuchun, and the list of 197 undergraduates who would take the position of Alumni Class Liaison announced by Zhang Guang.









In his address to the graduating students, President Xu Huibin reviewed the past four years which were unforgettable and wonderful for all and affirmed students’ outstanding performance and achievements in various fields. He expressed his earnest expectation for the graduates, hoping that all the graduates will continue to carry forward the aerospace spirit to serve the country and study the history of the Party, the nation and the university carefully to pass on the Red Spirit and be relentless in realizing great dreams with patriotism.

In his graduation message, President Xu shared his three expectations for the graduates. The first is to set great ambitions and have great aspirations. The second is to be persistent in pursuing a better life with relentless struggle. The third is to be confident and fearless, and continue to enrich their mind and make progress.
Following President Xu’ s address, representative of 2021 graduates Xia Yuchen from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation looked back on his four-year study and research life in Beihang and expressed his gratitude for his teachers and Alma Mater.

Teacher representative Prof. Zhao Weisheng shared three insights with the graduates. He encouraged the graduates to consider learning as a lifelong habit and pursue excellence, make serving the country a lifelong belief to promote the realization of sci-tech self-reliance and self-strengthening, and remember the responsibility as a Beihanger and grow with Beihang together.

Alumni representative Li Dong, chief designer of the Long March 5 rocket family, recalled his college years and growth experience, shared his experience and thoughts on his 21 years of developing the Long March 5-series rockets, and encouraged students to stick to the spirit that elder generations of Beihangers explored the space to serve the nation.

This year marks the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China. The ceremony ended with all graduates singing Without the Communist Party, There Would Be No New China (in Chinese: Mei You Gong Chan Dang Jiu Mei You Xin Zhong Guo) to express their deep affection and best wishes for the Party and the motherland.

In the following degree-awarding ceremony, university leaders and teachers plucked the tassel from the honorary hoods and awarded degrees and certificates to the new graduates. With the best wishes and blessings from Beihang teachers and students, the graduates will start a brand-new chapter in their life.








Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Liu Yaoze, Tian Wenhao, Zhu Quan, Zhang Keli and Zhang Dengke
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping and Li Zhuoyang
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:398
TITLE:Beihang University International Engineering Education Forum 2019 Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2303.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University International Engineering Education Forum 2019 Held
                

                    Release time：July 4, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


From 28 to 29 June, the Second Beihang University International Engineering Education Forum (BUAA-IEEF 2019), sponsored by Beihanag University and co-organized by the School of General Engineering of Beihang University (SGE, International Model School), the Institute of Higher Education (IHE) of Beihang University, and International Federation of Engineering Education Societies (IFEES), was held at Ruxin Conference Centre. Over 100 distinguished experts, leaders and students from Purdue University, New York University, University of Puerto Rico, Monash University, Tsinghua University, Peking University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University and other famous universities at home and abroad attended the forum.

Opening ceremony of BUAA-IEEF 2019
With the theme of “Developing Engineering Leaders for the 21st Century”, the 2019 BUAA-IEEF invited 10 renowned engineering education experts from various countries to give special speeches. Aimed at cultivating top talents under the background of new engineering, the forum focused on the frontier of international engineering education, and carried out international academic exchanges in engineering education on topics like engineering leadership projects, academic implementation of engineering leadership courses, and the way to evaluate the ability of engineering leadership.
The forum lasts for two days, including workshops, keynote speeches and interactive seminars. On June 28, Professor William Bill Oakes, Director of EPICS Program of Purdue University, chaired a workshop on the theme “Service-Learning in Engineering: Preparing Leaders and Changing the World”.
The opening ceremony of the forum was held on the morning of June 29, and was presided over by Professor Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of General Engineering of Beihang University. Wen noted that in such a rapidly changeable international environment, it has become even more critical for engineering talents to expeditiously take on leadership roles. The School of General Engineering is constantly building and improving related courses on engineering leadership by providing students with seminars and lectures on engineering leadership, as well as practical learning and interactions with industry leaders. Besides, the school has deeply considered the connotation of “new engineering” courses, closely followed the international and domestic school-running models, gradually explored the construction of a first-class training demonstration base for general engineering talents cultivation, and trained international engineering leaders with global vision, integration of general and specialized skills, and systematic innovation ability.
Following the ceremony, Professor Wen Dongsheng chaired the keynote speeches. Professor Zhang Dongxiao, Dean of College of Engineering and Executive Vice Dean of Graduate School of Peking University, delivered a speech titled “Educating Leading Engineers to Address the Grand Challenges in the 21st Century”. Then, Professor Wang Sunyu, Secretary of the Party Committee of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences of Tsinghua University and Secretary General of the International Centre for Engineering Education under the auspices of UNESCO (ICEE), made an address on “International Engineering Education and Top Talent Cultivation”. After that, Lueny Morell, former President of  IFEES and Vice Dean of the School of General Engineering of Beihang University, made a speech entitled “Developing Students’ Engineering Competencies at the School of General Engineering”.

Keynote speeches
The afternoon keynote speeches were chaired by Professor Ma Yonghong, Vice Dean of Institute of Higher Engineering Education of Beihang University. Professor Gary Codner from Monash University, Professor William Bill Oakes from Purdue University and Professor Frédéric Toumazet from SJTU-ParisTech Elite Institute of Technology delivered their speeches, respectively.

Keynote speeches
The following Plenary Panel Discussion was moderated by Harold P Sjursen, Chair of International Advisory Committee of the School of General Engineering, Beihang University. Five experts including Lueny Morell, Gary Codner, William Bill Oakes, Frédéric Toumazet and Zhang Dan shared their views on the topic “Engineering Leadership Programs Academic Implementation Challenges”.

Plenary panel discussion
The forum successfully ended with enthusiastic academic discussions among the participants. It provided the participants with frontier dynamics of engineering education and promoted international exchanges and cooperation by gathering a number of internationally noted engineering education experts and leaders to discuss the latest developments and trends of international engineering education.

At the forum
The School of General Engineering (SGE) is a new school of engineering within Beihang University, started in 2016. It was selected by the State Administration of Foreign Expert Affairs and the Ministry of Education of China as an “International Model School” with a “Propulsion Project for an International Model School of Higher Education” in 2015. The school began to enroll undergraduates in September 2017, and 50 undergraduates are able to get access to the school each year. Based on the platform of the leading engineering subjects at Beihang University, SGE provides a core curriculum in English, spares no effort in establishing “Beihang Engineering”, which is a model of international teaching, and pushes to bring about a comprehensive reform to Beihang University and higher education in China.

Reported by Dong Lin and Song Chao
Photographed by David Sustach Garcia and Su Li
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Wen Dongsheng
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:399
TITLE:Beihang Welcomes 2022 Freshmen
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3359.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Welcomes 2022 Freshmen
                

                    Release time：September 3, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On September 1, 3,871 freshmen registered, getting ready to open a brand-new chapter of their life with Beihang University.




Zhao Changlu, Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee, He Xinzhou, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun and Zhang Hailan, and Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo greeted freshmen and volunteers in person and expressed their warm welcome at the two campuses.






The two campuses were alive with warmly welcoming atmosphere. The university has been well-prepared for greeting freshmen in advance, with voluntary services put on standby at airports, train stations, classrooms, canteens, dorms, etc. The freshmen would get a favor whenever they needed it.




Shuttle buses stood by at different airports and train stations, and poised for driving new students to the two campuses directly. Ferry buses were arranged in the enrollment area to take students and their luggage to dormitories.





Different schools carried out rich and colorful activities with academic characteristics to welcome their freshmen. Institutions and departments were also well prepared to help students solve problems. The newcomers’ identity, health state, admission letter, and “freshman campus pass” were checked before they got enrolled and moved in.








Each student received 100 yuan educational bonus and a special souvenir. As for students with financial difficulties, the university has provided “green channel” services, allowing them to postpone paying tuition fees and offering free “caring package” containing bedclothes and living supplies.





On the special occasion of the 20th National Congress of CPC and Beihang's 70th anniversary, the 2022 freshmen will embark on a new journey and chase their dreams at Beihang.







Reported by Zhang Luyang and Wen Xinlin
Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao, Zhu Quan, Zhang Keli, Chen Jiaheng, Chen Zixin, et al.
Reviewed by Deng Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:400
TITLE:Beihang Signs Student Exchange Agreement with RWTH Aachen University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2440.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Student Exchange Agreement with RWTH Aachen University
                

                    Release time：October 30, 2018 / Li Siying
                


On behalf of Beihang University, President Xu Huibin signed Beihang-RWTH Aachen University Student Exchange Agreement recently. 
According to the Agreement, the student exchange programs will be carried out based on the principle of free tuition and mutual recognition of credits, promoting the bilateral communication of students.


Founded in 1870, the RWTH Aachen University is a famous European technical university and also a member of TU9 German Institutes of Technology e. V. There are currently 45,377 students (including 9,651 international students) and over 5,500 academic staff (including 547 professors) on campus. It has set up 9 faculties with 260 institutes, and its advantageous subjects include computer science, physics, medicine, chemistry, mechanical engineering, and so on. The RWTH Aachen University was elected as one of the nine German Universities of Excellence in 2007, and ranked 144th according to the QS World University Rankings 2019, with its engineering and technology ranking 31st and natural science 36th.
  
Reported by Gao Yuan
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:401
TITLE:Provost and Vice-President of Concordia University Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2514.htm
TEXT:
Provost and Vice-President of Concordia University Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：June 28, 2018 / Virginia Peng
                


On the morning of June 21, Graham Carr, Concordia’s Provost and Vice-President of Academic Affairs, paid a friendly visit to Beihang. Vice President Huang Haijun received the guest at the New Main Building. Heads from International Division also attended the meeting.

Vice President Huang warmly welcomed Carr for his first visit to Beihang, and introduced the current development of Beihang as well as the accomplishments achieved between the two universities since the signing of cooperation memorandum in 1998. Huang noted that Beihang was one of the earliest partners of cooperation in China, and the two universities had conducted in-depth collaboration in the fields of talent cultivation, scientific research, co-authored papers, etc. He hoped that the two sides will further deepen their cooperation in those fields in the future. Mr. Carr expressed his gratitude for Beihang’s friendly reception. He said both universities have many similarities in advantageous disciplines and agreed to strengthen the ties with Beihang by expanding the partnership through cooperation in different fields. During the meeting, both sides had in-depth exchanges and finally reached consensus on topics like exchange programs, teacher discussions, and bilateral seminars.
Following the meeting, Carr toured both the National Key Laboratory of CNS/ATM and the State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems.

Founded in 1974, Concordia University is located in Montreal, the second largest city in Canada. It currently holds 46,000 students and 7,000 faculty and staff. There are four schools/faculties in Concordia University: John Molson Business School, Faculty of Arts and Science, Faculty of Engineering and Computer Science, and Faculty of Fine Art. The university has obvious advantages in disciplines like electrical and electronic engineering, business management, art design, civil engineering, as well as English languageand literature.
 
Written by Chao Chen
Photographed by Yuxue Guo
Edited by Chao Song
Translated by Virginia Peng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:402
TITLE:Academician Fan Daiming Gives Lecture on Systemic Theory and Integrative View of Medicine
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2379.htm
TEXT:
Academician Fan Daiming Gives Lecture on Systemic Theory and Integrative View of Medicine
                

                    Release time：March 5, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On Feb. 26, Fan Daiming, member of Chinese Academy of Engineering and fellow of National Academy of Medicine, gave a lecture titled “The Systemic Theory and Integrative View of Medicine” at the conference hall of New Main Building. Beihang President Xu Huibin, Secretary of the Party Committee Cao Shumin, together with more than 500 students and staff members attended the lecture.

The lecture
Prof. Fan is an outstanding medical scientist as well as an educator who commits himself to the basic and clinical research into digestive diseases and the macro-strategy of medical development. He is the pioneer of Holistic Integrative Medicine (HIM), which advocates the integration of western medicine and Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM).

Prof. Fan  gave the lecture
In his report, Prof. Fan elaborated on the relationships between medicine and nature, medicine and society, medicine and language, medicine and engineering, TCM and western medicine, medicine and pharmacy as well as basic theory and clinic practice, guiding the audience to integrate the most advanced medical discoveries and the most effective clinical practice with existing biological, psychological, social and environmental factors, so as to a build a more comprehensive and systematic medical system that serves better to maintain health and diagnose, cure and prevent diseases. “It is faster to move alone, while a longer distance can be covered when one walks with others,” as was quoted by Prof. Fan, who compressed the essence of integrative medicine into the above words and wanted to encourage the audience to keep on moving in scientific research and study.

Audience were absorded in the lecture
During the two-hour lecture, Prof. Fan explained the profound theory of HIM in a simple and understandable way, gaining enthusiastic applause from the audience.
After the lecture, Cao Shumin awarded Prof. Fan with the certificate of honor for delivering a lecture as part of the Beihang Lecture Program, an effort to bring high-level lectures to Beihang students.

Cao Shumin presented Prof. Fan with the certificate
Born in Chongqing in 1953, Prof, Fan is Member and Vice President of Chinese Academy of Engineering, President of Fourth Military Medical University, Director of State Key Laboratory of Cancer Biology, President of Chinese Society of Gastroenterology, Vice President of Chinese Anti-Cancer Association, Council Member and Secretary General of Asian Pacific Association of Gastroenterology, Awardee of Chang Jiang Scholars Program, and Chief Scientist of National Basic Research Program of China.
Prof. Fan has obtained a lot of national grants, including National High-tech Research and Development Program of China, National Basic Research Program of China, Key Program of National Natural Science Fund, etc. He has won the first, second and third prizes of National Science and Technology Progress Award and a third prize of National Technology Invention Award. As an editor in chief, he has authored 31 books on Gastroenterology and Oncology. As a first or corresponding author, he has published more than 700 papers in Nat Clin Pract Oncol, Lancet, JAMA, Ann Intern Med, Hepatology, Gut, Plos Genet, Ann Surg, J Hepatol, Faseb J, Clin Cancer Res, J Biol Chem, etc. He has also become the editor, chief editor or deputy chief editor of 13 international medical journals.

Reported by Lin Ouya
Photographed by Song Chao and Tian Wenhao
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:403
TITLE:Delegation from National Aerospace University Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2518.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from National Aerospace University Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：June 21, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


On June 14, Beihang University was visited by Mykola Nechyporuk, Rector of National Aerospace University, and Dmytro Dolmatov, an aeroengine expert. President Xu Huibin warmly received the guests, and their meeting was also joined by representatives from International Division, the School of Energy and Power Engineering and the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering of Beihang University, as well as Artem Rozhdestvensky, First Secretary of the Section of Economic Affairs of the Embassy of Ukraine to China.


President Xu extended his welcome to Mr. Nechyporuk, who paid this visit as soon as he took the position of Rector. According to Mr. Xu, National Aerospace University is Beihang’s most important partner in Ukraine, and the two sides should value and develop this long-standing friendship with continuous efforts. He hoped that the visit could serve as an opportunity to establish a joint research center in fields which both universities are good at, such as aeroengine. The center would be the basis of joint applications for research projects under international cooperation, exchange of teachers and joint student cultivation programs. It was his expectation that the high-level achievements made collaboratively by the two sides would contribute to the strategic partnership between China and Ukraine.

With deep affection, Mr. Nechyporuk reviewed the history of cooperation between the two universities since 1950s. Noting the bright prospects for their cooperation in the field of aerospace, he hoped that the two sides could discuss the cooperation mechanisms of talent cultivation and scientific research and bring up a plan to implement them. These efforts would enrich the content of China-Ukraine cooperation under the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative. Mr. Nechyporuk also brought a gift: a replicate of the banner that Beihang presented to National Aerospace University in 1956 in gratitude for its assistance in the establishment of Beihang University.




Mr. Nechyporuk presented the replicate of the 1956 banner
After the meeting, the delegation from National Aerospace University visited Beijing Air and Space Museum.
Founded in 1930, National Aerospace University (previously known as Kharkiv Aviation Institute, or KhAI) is famous for its achievement of designing and building the first airliner with retractable landing gear in Europe (also the second in the world). During its 88-year history, it has cultivated over 80,000 engineers, and 80% of Ukrainian aerospace experts who received higher education graduated from the university. At present, it has more than 9,000 students.
In the early days of Beihang University (known as the Beijing Institute of Aeronautics back then), Kharkiv Aviation Institute selected four experts to assist in its establishment. In the last ten years, 45 students from National Aerospace University has come to Beihang to pursue their Master’s or Doctor’s degrees under the support of Chinese Government Scholarships, and 14 students have participated in short-term academic exchanges held by Beihang, such as International Summer School for undergraduates and International Aerospace Summer School for graduates.  
  
Reported by Wang Lingpei
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:404
TITLE:Beihang Alumni New Year Sodality 2019
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2395.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Alumni New Year Sodality 2019
                

                    Release time：January 8, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the afternoon of January 5th, the Beihang Alumni New Year Sodality 2019, hosted by Beihang Alumni Association and co-organized by Beijing Alumni Association, was held at Ruxin Lecture Hall. Beihang leaders, alumni representatives, and leaders of alumni associations and branches from 44 regions at home and abroad, a total of over 300 people, attended the sodality to celebrate New Year together. The event was presided over by Wang Youhong, Director of Alumni Liaison and Development Office and General Secretary of Beihang Alumni Association.


The sodality kicked off with a video about Beihang alumni's achievements in 2018. They marked the year with rich and substantial work, exceptional performances and fruitful results.
Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin extended her gratitude for alumni’s support and assistance to Beihang University, and reported a series of dramatic achievements of Beihang on such aspects as faculty training, scientific research, discipline construction, university-enterprise cooperation, and alumni work. She said Beihang will continue to strengthen its alumni work and construct the Alumni Association into a platform to connect with the largest number of alumni for joint development. She hoped that the alumni and Beihang will join hands to accelerate the realization of building the university into a world-class university rooted in China.

At the sodality, Lin Jing, President of Beijing Alumni Association, Lu Xiaohui, President of German Alumni Association, Liu Xiaolu, an alumni representative and a captain of Southen China Airlines, and Li Jianjiang, an alumni representative engaged with poverty alleviation, delivered their speeches respectively to express their deep attachment and gratitude to their Alma Mater and best wishes for a better future of Beihang University.

Following that, representatives from various alumni associations gave elaborate performances including water drum dance, solo saxophone, a medley of songs, etc., bringing the atmosphere to a furious and satisfying climax.


 
Reported by Jia Lirong
Photographed by Wu Shaofei and Tian Wenhao
Reviewed by Wang Youhong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:405
TITLE:Beihang Students Participate in Winter Vacation Exchange Program Held by Russian Partner Universities
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2552.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Participate in Winter Vacation Exchange Program Held by Russian Partner Universities
                

                    Release time：March 12, 2018 / He Siying
                


From January 22 to March 3, 92 students from 21 schools of Beihang University and 4 colleges of Beihang School respectively participated in three winter vacation exchange programs in partner universities, Ural Federal University and Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University.

The winter vacation exchange program of the Ural Federal University was divided into specialized courses and Russian language courses. As for specialized courses, 45 students took courses of “Business Start in Russia”, “Study like a Russian”, “Mechanical Engineering”, and “Material Science”. With regard to Russian learning courses, 26 students selected the Russian language course with a theme of "Russian Fresh". In addition, 21 students participated in the three modules named "Electrical Engineering", "Nuclear Engineering", and "Turbomachinery" in Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University. The sponsors of the project organized activities such as lectures, experiments, seminars, field research, reports and cultural visits, which enabled our students to fully experience the solid teaching skills and fascinating culture of Russian universities.  
In recent years, more than 220 students have participated in various exchange programs in Russian partner universities through Yuanhang Exchange Projects. The foreign hosts from partner universities recognized their excellent academic performance and outstanding international communication skills. This has strengthened the foundation of youth communications between China and Russia, and has become a lively practice of “People-to-People Connectivity” of the Belt and Road Initiative. Beihang will continue to meticulously organize related exchange activities and groom more "successors" of China-Russia friendship.  
Released by Wang LingpeiTranslated by He Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:406
TITLE:Professor Wen Dongsheng Invited to Serve as Associate Editor of Applied Thermal Engineering
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2205.htm
TEXT:
Professor Wen Dongsheng Invited to Serve as Associate Editor of Applied Thermal Engineering
                

                    Release time：March 11, 2020 / Ma Yaping
                


Recently, Beihang Professor Wen Dongsheng was invited to serve as the associate editor of Applied Thermal Engineering, a leading international journal in the field of energy and engineering technology.

Published by Elsevier, Applied Thermal Engineering is a Q1-ranked journal indexed by SCI, with an impact factor of 4.026 in 2018. It features such article types as Original Research Articles, Review Articles, Short Communications and Letters to the Editor.
Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and the School of General Engineering of Beihang University, is honored as a national distinguished specialist and a winner of the European Research Council Consolidate Grant. His research covers a wide spectrum of nanotechnology and engineering science, with a focus on developing novel nanomaterials for efficient energy applications. He has published more than 240 papers in SCI-indexed journals, with more than 10,000 citations. Prof. Wen is an elected Fellow of Royal Society of Chemistry (FRSC), Fellow of Energy Institute (FEI), and Fellow of Institute of Nanotechnology (FIoN). He also serves as the editor-in-chief of Advances in Aerodynamics, associate editor of Advances in Aeronautical Science and Engineering, guest editor of Powder Technology, etc.


Reported by Jiang Chongwen
Reviewed by Lin Guiping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ma Yaping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:407
TITLE:Beihang Students Win 1st Prize in the 5th “BeiDou+” Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition Finals
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3492.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win 1st Prize in the 5th “BeiDou+” Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition Finals
                

                    Release time：May 8, 2023 / Song Ziyun
                


The BeiDou Silk Road team from Beihang University won the 1st prize (university catogory) in the national finals of the 5th "BeiDou+" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition held on April 27th.

The BeiDou Silk Road team consists of four Master's students from the School of Electronic Information Engineering, including Li Qingcheng, Chao Wenyue, Guo Qikai, and Shan Yunfeng, with teacher Xia Ming as their advisor. Aiming to meet the strategic needs of the national comprehensive PNT system and the construction of a new generation of communication systems, the team has conducted extensive research on navigation and communication integration theories, technologies, systems, and applications represented by BeiDou and 5G, and has achieved certain results. Led by Professor Shi Chuang, director of the Key Laboratory of Satellite Navigation and Mobile Communication Integration Technology, the team has published more than 330 papers, obtained more than 40 authorized patents, and registered more than 130 software copyrights. Among them, the project “China High Precision Positioning Network and Its Major Application in the Field of Transportation” won the first prize of the State Science and Technology Progress Award in 2018, and the “BeiDou Performance Improvement and Wide-area Decimeter-level Satellite-based Augmentation Technology and Application” won the second prize of the State Science and Technology Progress Award in 2019.

Their project “BeiDou+ Wearable Device” is a consumer-grade indoor/outdoor seamless autonomous positioning and navigation system that meets the personnel positioning needs of smart factories, smart supervision, individual combat, and rescue scenarios. The team conducted research on the Pan-source intelligent fusion model, complex human motion pattern recognition, and optimal machine design to develop wearable positioning devices and build an integrated positioning navigation and monitoring platform. Under the premise of no pre-deployment and signal survey, they managed to reduce the horizontal error for a one-kilometer route to less than 2m and the vertical error to less than 0.5m.
The “BeiDou+” Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition is guided by the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Economy and Information Technology and the People’s Government of Shunyi District, Beijing, supported by the Bureau of Investment Promotion of the Ministry of Commerce, and organized by the Zhongguancun Space Information Industry Technology Alliance. This year's competition focuses on innovation and application in BeiDou navigation, with navigation and location services as the main direction and also covering areas such as electronic information and intelligent manufacturing. It encourages the integration of BeiDou applications with new-generation information technologies such as 5G communication, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, blockchain, IoT, and satellite Internet, and highlights the application in industries such as transportation, agriculture, finance, electric power, disaster prevention and mitigation, and people’s livelihood. It also emphasizes the role of the participating projects in serving the national economy and improving people’s lives.


Reported by Hao Xuchun
Reviewed by Xu Yajun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:408
TITLE:Joint Research Team Between Beihang University and France Telecom Established
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2263.htm
TEXT:
Joint Research Team Between Beihang University and France Telecom Established
                

                    Release time：October 24, 2019 / Ma Yaping
                


Recently, Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University and France Telecom signed an agreement to form a joint research team. The signing ceremony was attended by Bruno Germain, chief executive of Orange Labs Beijing and representatives from the company and Sino-French Engineer School.
In the speech, Professor Hong Guanxin, Dean of the Sino-French Engineer School, noted that the school put a high premium on a broad alliance with quality corporate partners around the world and strived to build a high-level school-enterprise cooperation platform in consistent with the cultivation standard for general engineer in France. Besides, adhering to the vision of “International cooperation, university-enterprise collaboration, useful resources sharing”，the school has trained a group of outstanding engineers to serve for the development of global technology industry.
Hong also mentioned that Orange, as a Fortune 500 telecom company, is an industrial leader in the new-generation information technology industry, electronic equipment industry, etc. He hoped the two sides would conduct deeper collaboration and achieve mutual benefits in aspects of science research and talent cultivation in the future.


Bruno expressed congratulations on the establishment of the joint research team and introduced the history, business philosophy and development prospects of Orange. Wang Lan, Director of  Network Technology and Research Center of Orange Labs Beijing, made an academic report entitled “Edge Computing and Its Application Scenarios”. Yu Lei, Deputy Director of Sino-French Data Science Lab of Beihang University, introduced related researches of the lab and the work flow of the joint research team.


Reported by Chen Jing
Reviewed by Hong Guanxin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ma Yaping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:409
TITLE:Beihang Initiates Establishment of International Association of Aviation and Aerospace Education
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2406.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Initiates Establishment of International Association of Aviation and Aerospace Education
                

                    Release time：December 19, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The founding of the International Association of Aviation and Aerospace Education, initiated by Beihang University, McGill University, Ecole Nationale de l'Aviation Civile, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, the Moscow State Technical University of Civil Aviation and the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, was officially announced at the Second ICAO Next Generation of Aviation Professionals Global Summit on the morning of December 13. Liu Fang, Secretary-General of the International Civil Aviation Organization, attended the ceremony. 


At the signing ceremony, representatives of over 30 educational institutions in aeronautics, astronautics and civil aviation from such countries like China, the United States, Canada, France, Italy, Russia, Ukraine, Romania, South Africa, Turkey and Singapore, signed the statement to join the association on the scene. Six aviation-related associations or organizations stated their support for the establishment and future development of the association. Besides, 23 international educational agencies and academic organizations sent letters to support the founding of the association during the summit. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun signed the statement on behalf of Beihang University, and Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering of Beihang University, signed on behalf of ARCAS (Aerospace College Alliance of Sino-universities). 




The International Association of Aviation and Aerospace Education, as an advocate of global aviation education, will promote all-round multilateral cooperation globally or regionally on behalf of the interests of its members, so as to cope with the shared challenges faced by the global aviation industry in education and scientific research. Its establishment provides a favorable platform for exchanges and cooperation among the government, industry, universities and research institutes in the aerospace field and offers a channel for communication and cooperation between its members and international organizations. By boosting the multilateral cooperation, the association aims to improve the quality of global aviation education and cultivate next-generation aviation professionals, playing a positive role in the sustainable development of the global aviation industry.
  
Reported by Gao Yuan
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:410
TITLE:BUAA Flying Choir Wins Silver Award in Choir Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2323.htm
TEXT:
BUAA Flying Choir Wins Silver Award in Choir Competition
                

                    Release time：May 31, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


From May 19 to 24, the 4th “The Heart of Chorus” Shanghai International Choral Festival & Competition was held. This is the first time that a choir competition was held in the international choir festival. Nearly 100 teams from Europe, Asia, Africa and countries along the Belt and Road participated in the competition. After a fierce contest, BUAA Flying Choir successfully won the silver award in Category M1 (Mixed Choirs I. Age: 30-50).

After full preparations and constant exploration, BUAA Flying Choir belted out the classic Prelude to Water Melody created by Mr. Chen Qiyang, Az ezeréves tölgy and The Joy of a Snowflake adapted from Mr. Xu Zhimo’s poem in the competition.

BUAA Flying Choir was founded in 1998 and belongs to the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering. The members include art-specialised students from different schools and colleges. The choir has won many awards in various competitions both at home and abroad.

 
Reported by Ma Tian
Reviewed by Wang Yandong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:411
TITLE:Sherlock Holmes: The Sign of Four Put on Stage at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2313.htm
TEXT:
Sherlock Holmes: The Sign of Four Put on Stage at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：June 17, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


On the evening of June 11, Sherlock Holmes: The Sign of Four, an English play adapted from the work of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, was performed at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall.



The Sign of Four is the second detective story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and it is with this story that he made his name. It began with the visit of Miss Mary Morstan, whose father, once a colonizer in India, disappeared in 1878. She asked Holmes for help to solve the mystery of her father’s disappearance. Since then, Holmes and Dr. Watson set foot in a dark world full of deception and tricks and got involved in a complicated plot about murder, corruption and jewelry theft.
The play was produced by Blackeyed Theatre in association with New Theatre Royal Portsmouth and South Hill Park Arts Centre. Featuring original live music, it weaved romance and unique British humor into the thrilling detective story.



During the performance, Blackeyed Theatre achieved a stunning stage effect and built up the  tension permeating the original work by its careful stage design and arrangement of music and light. The actors depicted the process of solving the case with rich body language and the classic dialogues, enabling the audience to experience the disclosure of the truth. Besides, the translation with Chinese characteristics won one round of applause after another from the audience.
Blackeyed Theatre was established in 2004 by Adrian McDougall, its Artistic Director. It is a celebrated touring theatre in Britain, aiming to deliver surprising and inspiring performances loved by audience. Since its foundation, it has staged 19 productions, including The Great Gatsby, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, Dracula, Teechers, Oedipus, A Christmas Carol, Blue Remembered Hills and so on, which received good reviews from the media. The theatre has performed in more than a hundred cities in Britain, the Republic of Ireland and the European continent.

Reported and Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:412
TITLE:Beihang Honorary Professor Peter J.G. Teunissen Honored with Johannes Kepler Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2257.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Honorary Professor Peter J.G. Teunissen Honored with Johannes Kepler Award
                

                    Release time：November 1, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang Honarary Professor Peter J.G. Teunissen was honored with Johannes Kepler Award at ION GNSS+ 2019 held at the Hyatt Regency Miami in Miami, Florida recently. This prize was given to recognize Teunissen’s outstanding contribution to the basic algorithm of satellite navigation and long-term commitment to global education for the next generation of navigation workers.

Professor Teunissen is the inventor of the Least-squares AMBiguity Decorrelation Adjustment (LAMBDA) method for GNSS carrier phase ambiguity resolution. The method innovatively improves the high-precision navigation capability of the satellite navigation system, which has been the industry standard in the field of high-precision satellite navigation. He improved the test method for ambiguity fixing, which is of crucial importance for multi-GNSS processing. He also made pioneering contributions in precise point positioning, triple-frequency and multi-frequency data processing, service performance evaluation for new satellite systems like BeiDou, Galileo, QZSS and IRNSS, etc.
Prof. Teunissen has been committed to global education in the field of satellite navigation. He is a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW), a foreign Fellow of the Deutschen Geodätischen Kommission Akademie der Wissenschaften, and a Fellow of the International Association of Geodesy. He has been conferred with honorary titles by several international organizations, such as Australian Research Council Federation Fellowship, Honorary Doctorate from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Honorary Professorship from Beihang University. Prof. Teunissen has published more than 300 papers and 7 books, and he is the co-editor of author of Springer Handbook of Global Navigation Satellite Systems.
Professor Teunissen bestowed the title of Honorary Professor at Beihang University in 2008. he has carried out in-depth and close cooperation with the satellite navigation research team of the School of Astronautics and offered lectures for postgraduate students, making considerable contributions to the discipline construction and talent training of Beihang University.
The Johannes Kepler Award, as the highest honor awarded by the Institute of Navigation (ION) Satellite Division, is to recognize individuals who have made sustained and significant contributions to the development of satellite navigation.


Reported by Sun Xiucong
Reviewed by Jin Rong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:413
TITLE:Beihang Students Win First Prize in 23rd “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” National English Debating Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3124.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win First Prize in 23rd “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” National English Debating Competition
                

                    Release time：June 29, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Recently, the 23rd “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” National English Debating Competition, which lasted about three months, came to an end. Led by Sun Mei, a teacher from the School of Foreign Languages, the team from Beihang University composed of Yao Haotian and Xiang Zhaoxuan, has hacked their way through the preliminary round, intermediate round and final contest, and finally won first prize in the national final. The two students were also honored with the title of “Best Debater” (only 7 winners nationwide).

The national final was conducted both online and offline. With their rich knowledge, in-depth thinking and exquisite debating skills, the two debaters in science and engineering majors impressed the judges and won the top prize finally. They will team up to compete in the online World Universities Debating Competition (WUDC) later this year.
After 23 years of development, the “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” National English Debating Competition has evolved into a high-standard, large-scale national competition. It has been listed on the "Innovative Talent Cultivation and Subject Competition Rankings of Chinese Universities" by the Ministry of Education.
In recent years, the School of Foreign Languages has actively explored a talent cultivation model that combines subject competition and course teaching. Based on Beihang's Elite English class, it has cultivated an ambitious and competent speech and debate team, who has won numerous awards in various speech and debate competitions across the country and the world.


Reported by Sun Mei
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:414
TITLE:Fully Bioabsorbable Capacitor Developed by Beihang and CAS
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2385.htm
TEXT:
Fully Bioabsorbable Capacitor Developed by Beihang and CAS
                

                    Release time：February 2, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, major progress in bioabsorbable electronics was made by the team of Prof. Fan Yubo from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering and Beijing Advanced Innovation Centre for Biomedical Engineering and the team of Academician Wang Zhonglin from the Beijing Institute of Nanoenergy and Nanosystems of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). It was reported in a research article published in Advanced Science.
The first authors of the research are Doctoral Students Li Hu from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering and Zhao Chaochao from the Beijing Institute of Nanoenergy and Nanosystems of CAS. The corresponding authors are Prof. Fan, Academician Wang and Prof. Li Zhou, who is also from the Beijing Institute of Nanoenergy and Nanosystems of CAS.

Fig. 1 Implantable medical electronics
As a recent research focus, bioabsorbable electronics can be fully or partly dissolved in body fluid or certain types of liquid environment. Applied in vivo diagnosis and therapy, they can help avoid the side effects caused by long-term implantation and second operations, which are typical of traditional implantable medical electronics. Used in portable consumer devices, they are free from concerns of the cost of recycling and health risks. For bioabsorbable electronics, degradable power supply devices are necessary, yet researchers have paid limited attention to them. In comparison with wireless sensors and commercial batteries, such devices should be miniaturized, biocompatible and bioabsorbable in order to achieve long-term implantation by minimally invasive surgery and eliminate the need to take them out.

Fig. 2 Structure, morphology, and preparation of the fully bioabsorbable capacitor (BC)
According to these requirements, Li Hu, Zhao Chaochao and other researchers developed a miniaturized, implantable and fully bioabsorbable capacitor, which can function normally in air and liquid environment. It can effectively store the energy produced by triboelectric nanogenerators (TENG). Also, it is the first degradable energy storage device that can work stably for a long time in liquid environment. Furthermore, the researchers have proved the good biocompatibility of the BC through experiments in cell experiment and implantation experiment: it can be gradually degraded and resorbed by Sprague–Dawley (SD) rats after reaching the end of its working life, and no surgery is needed to remove it. As a fully bioabsorbable capacitor, it leads the world in this field with regard to its performance (biocompatibility, full bioabsorbability, work time, operation voltage and capacitance retention in vivo), showing great potential as a fully bioabsorbable power source for degradable and implantable medical electronics.

Fig. 3 Bioabsorbability evaluation and capacitive performance of the BC in vivo
The research was supported by the National Key Research and Development Program of the Ministry of Science and Technology, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the Beijing Natural Science Foundation, Beijing Council of Science and Technology and the National Youth Talent Support Program.
The research article:
https://doi.org/10.1002/advs.201801625
 
Reported by Guo Meng
Edited by Di Bailu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:415
TITLE:Beihang Ski Team Wins Second Place in National College Students Ski Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2553.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Ski Team Wins Second Place in National College Students Ski Competition
                

                    Release time：March 5, 2018 / Liu Xinrui
                


In the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, Chinese athletes got good grades. At the same time, Beihang ski team also achieved success in the National College Students Ski Competition in Jilin.

From February 26 to 28, the 4th National College Students Ski Competition and the final of tryout for the 29th Winter Universiade was held in the Lake Songhua Resort in Jilin. This competition is a top-level college students ski game, representing the highest level of college students skiing. The competition is divided into men and women alpine skiing giant slalom and snowboard giant slalom.
After the preliminaries, 131 athelets coming from 23 universities took part in the final competition in Jilin. Beihang ski team got the second place in the team total score and the skis alpine giant slalom. Tang Chenchen, a junior student from the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, won third place in women’s skis alpine giant slalom and entered the National Training Team for the 29th Winter Universiade. Sun Xiaochuan, a teacher from the Department of Sports in Beihang, won the prize of excellent coach. Beijing Union University and Peking University won first place and third place in group total score respectively. Heihe University won the champion in alpine skiing giant slalom.

Photos of Beihang Ski Team in the Competition

Prize Presentation for the Second Place in Group Total Score (the left one is teacher Bai Lin)

Prize Presentation for the Second Place in the Skis Alpine Giant Slalom (the left one is teacher Sun Xiaochuan)
President Xi Jinping has raised the great goal that let three hundred million people attend ice and snow sports. Actually, before China’s promotion of ice and snow sports, Beihang had made great contributions to the development of ice and snow sports in universities. In 2007, Beihang actively attended the ski teaching activity held by Beijing University Sports Association, producing the first teachers and students who love ice and snow sports. In 2014, Beihang Ski Association was established. Every year, Beihang selects students to build Beihang ski team to attend Beijing and national university alpine ski competition. This year is the 12th year of Beihang’s participation.
The development of Beihang ski team cannot be achieved without teachers’ guidance and help. Sun Xiaochuan started skiing in Beihang in 2007. He has groomed many Beihang students who love skiing, and also won the prize of excellent coach in many competitions.
Bai Lin, a teacher from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, has joined Beihang ski team for only 3 years, but he has great skiing skill. He pays great attention to basic skills and often demonstrates the techniques for team members. Under his guidance, Beihang has achieved remarkable success in recent years’ skis alpine giant slalom.

Sun Xiaochuan was fixing a snowboard for team members

Bai Lin’s demonstration
In this year’s competition, Beihang ski team consisted of 12 students from 11 schools in Beihang. Under the support of Beihang Communist Youth League Committee, the Department of Sports and Students’ Association Union, team members overcame many difficulties, like limited training time and injuries.
Among these members, Fang Xiang, a student from the School of Economics and Management, attended the 28th Winter Universiade in 2017. He joined Beihang ski team in his sophomore year and got good grades in the 2nd National College Students Ski Competition, which made him a member of National Tranning Team for the 28th Winter Universiade. Fang Xiang ranked first among all the Chinese players in this game.
In the future, Beihang will continue to promote ice and snow sports and cultivate more talents.

Fang Xiang was interviewed in the 28th Winter Universiade


2011-2018 Beihang ski team photos
 
Reported by Wang Chuhan and Bai Lin
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Liu Xinrui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:416
TITLE:Cordial Dialogue Between President Xu Huibin and Faculty Representatives on Beihang’s Development
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2361.htm
TEXT:
Cordial Dialogue Between President Xu Huibin and Faculty Representatives on Beihang’s Development
                

                    Release time：April 3, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On March 27, President Xu Huibin came to the Shahe campus to attend an “informal meeting at noon” with faculty and staff representatives from some schools, laboratories and offices of Beihang University. They discussed various aspects of the university’s development and shared their life and work at Beihang. President Xu listened to the suggestions proposed by representatives patiently.

The meeting
The meeting went on in an aura of relaxation and pleasure. Faculty and staff representatives offered many practical suggestions and ideas on various topics including the building of Shahe Campus, the relocation schedule between the two campus, talent cultivation reform as well as schools and disciplines development.

President Xu and representatives held friendly talk
During the dialogue, President Xu expressed gratitude to all the representatives who show great concerns to Beihang’s development. He pointed out that the university’s development owes much to the contributions of our faculty and staff members. He noted that Beihang will always put the development of a high-level faculty group as it primary task, since talents are the primary resource for Beihang’s development. According to President Xu, more efforts will be made to create better living and working conditions for teachers. He hoped that all faculty members can make greater contributions to the university in support of the goal of developing Beihang into a top-rank university with first-class disciplines.
Attendees of the meeting included representatives from Party Administration Office, Academic Affairs Office, Graduate School, Human Resource Department, Office of Campus Building and Asset Management, Office of Logistics Support, Management Council of Shahe Campus, Beihang School and so on.

Reported by Yuan Ye
Edited by Jia Aiping
Photographed by Song Chao
Reviewed by Cheng Bo
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:417
TITLE:School of Future Aerospace Technology Inaugurated
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3136.htm
TEXT:
School of Future Aerospace Technology Inaugurated
                

                    Release time：July 16, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


The inauguration ceremony of the School of Future Aerospace Technology was held at Vision International Cultural Exchange Center on the morning of July 13. Among the attendees were Zhang Kejian, Deputy Director of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) and Administrator of the China National Space Administration (CNSA), Wu Yan, Director of the Department of Higher Education of the Ministry of Education, Cheng Jiwei, Director of the Department of Personnel and Education of the MIIT, Liu Yuhui, Deputy Secretary of Education Working Committee of Beijing Municipal Committee of the CPC and Director of Beijing Municipal Education Commission, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, Zhao Qinping, Director of the Academic Committee of Beihang University, more than 20 academicians and chief engineers in the field of aerospace and information technology, and university leaders and directors from various schools and departments. The inauguration ceremony was hosted by Cao Shumin.

On behalf of Beihang University, Cao Shumin extended her warm welcome and heartfelt thanks to the leaders and guests. She pointed out that Beihang has fully implemented the spirit of President Xi Jinping’s remarks on higher education and technology innovation. The establishment of the School of Future Aerospace Technology is a major move to cultivate talents in the field of aviation and aerospace, giving support to the achievement of sci-tech self-reliance and self-strengthening at higher levels and serving the country’s major strategic needs. Resources and power across the university will be pooled to accelerate the building of the school.

In his welcoming remarks, President Xu Huibin said that Beihang, as the first aerospace institution of higher learning, responded promptly to the needs of the country and has been actively planning to build the School of Future Aerospace Technology. Beihang will grasp the important opportunity, be creative in talent cultivation and scientific and technological innovation, and make greater contributions to boosting the country’s strength in science and technology, as well as in education.


Zhang Kejian pointed out that the establishment of the School of Future Aerospace Technology is a powerful practice to implement the innovation-driven development strategy, strengthen the cultivation of innovative talents, seize the opportunity for scientific and technological development, and help achieve sci-tech self-reliance and self-strengthening at higher levels. He hoped Beihang will find the right position and aim at the advanced technologies to develop an innovation team with reasonable layout, and explore a new talent cultivation mode driven by cutting-edge technologies.

Wu Yan said in his speech that since 2017, the Ministry of Education has accelerated the New Engineering Disciplines Construction and has achieved positive results, and the School of Future Aerospace Technology is an important part in the overall layout and an essential exploration to promote the high-quality development of higher learning. He hoped Beihang will focus on future aerospace technology and cultivate more talents with imagination, insight, execution and leadership.

Liu Yuhui noted that the School of Future Aerospace Technology fully reflects Beihang’s characteristics and strength. He hoped Beihang will make further progress in future aerospace technology and combine it with the cultivation of world-class talents and the optimization of innovation and entrepreneurship ecology to provide more support to the development of the country and regional construction.

During the ceremony, Academician Xiang Jinwu introduced the construction ideas and development blueprint of the school.

Wu Weiren, Dean of the School of Future Aerospace Technology and Chief Designer of China’s Lunar Exploration Program, pointed out that the new school was founded at the right time when science and technology and high-end talent are playing an increasingly important role in national economy and overall prosperity. He said that Beihang, as the birth place of aerospace in China, needs to keep exploring, learning and improving in the real practice to cultivate new inter-disciplinary talents for the development of aerospace industry in China.

Participating leaders and experts jointly inaugurated the School of Future Aerospace Technology at the ceremony. The school will focus on the nation’s major needs in aerospace and international academic frontier, face the development trend of future aerospace technology as well as some scientific problems and the need in key technology breakthrough. It will cultivate more designers-in-chief and high-end innovative talents in the field of aircraft technology, space development technology and other basic science and cutting-edge technologies.

The School of Future Aerospace Technology will initiate enrollment in 2021 and adopt the eight-year triple degree program for BD/MD/Ph.D. Aiming to cultivate inter-disciplinary and innovative talents with new research program courses, it will pool high-quality resources across the university and invite academicians and chief engineers to be mentors. It strives to provide a place for students of all directions to interact, practice, explore and research, and cultivate students’ patriotism, humanistic feelings and global mindset.

Reported by Wang Qing, Hu Yiwen and Wang Meng
Photographed by Di Bailu and Liu Yaoze
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Di Bailu
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:418
TITLE:Beihang University Holds “Cloud” Commencement Ceremony for Undergraduates
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2176.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University Holds “Cloud” Commencement Ceremony for Undergraduates
                

                    Release time：June 30, 2020 / Lyu Xingyun
                


In view of the current epidemic prevention and control situation in Beijing, Beihang held a special “cloud” graduation and commencement ceremony for 3,495 undergraduates of the class of 2020 on the morning of June 29. Graduates who were currently on campus participated the ceremony on the spot, while those who were not at the university participated online.

Attending the ceremony were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Executive Vice President Fang Jiancheng, Academic Committee Director Zhao Qinping, teacher representative Prof. Gong Shengkai, alumni representative Academician Sun Cong, Deputy Party Secretary and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun and Wang Yunpeng, Deputy Party Secretaries Zhao Gang and Cheng Bo and other leaders and guests. Vice President Huang Haijun presided over the commencement ceremony.

The four years of precious college experiences gradually unfolded in the opening video Youths, We Are Waiting for Your Return (in Chinese: Shao Nian, Wo Men Deng Ni Hui Jia), piecing together the unique memories of students and showing their unremitting efforts during their college years.



The graduation ceremony formally kicked off with the solemn national anthem.

Zhao Qinping, Director of the Academic Committee and Vice Chairman of the Academic Degree Assessment Committee of Beihang University, announced the Decision of Beihang University on Awarding the Bachelor's Degree to Graduates of the Class of 2020.


During the ceremony, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, announced a list of 203 graduates who won Awards for Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing 2020.

In his address to the graduating students, President Xu Huibin expressed congratulations to the graduates and gratitude towards their tutors. He noted that the sudden outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020 left everyone with unforgettable memories for a lifetime. At this critical moment, students faced up to the challenge and demonstrated the spirit of dedication. “After experiencing this special graduation season, I believe everyone has a deeper understanding and more reflection on life, health, destiny, responsibility and value. All those experiences, gains and insights will eventually become your future wealth.”

President Xu also put forward his earnest expectation for the graduates, hoping that the students should always be patriotic wherever and whenever and achieve their ambition of serving the country with practical actions; be broad-minded, brave and active in the new era and strive for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation; and be able to face the challenges of the future and struggle to realize the value of their life.

On behalf of faculty and staff of Bihang University, Prof. Gong Shengkai delivered an address, in which he hoped the graduates could stick to their original intentions, be resilient, positive and optimistic, and be brave to become a striver in the new era. On Behalf of Beihang alumni, Sun Cong encouraged the graduates to always bear in mind the university motto of “Integrate Virtue with Brilliance and Combine Knowledge with Practice” and achieve new glories in the development of Chinese aerospace undertaking. He Yuan, representative of 2020 graduates, recalled his four years of college life in Beihang and expressed sincere gratitude to his teachers and Alma Mater.

At the ceremony, university leaders moved the tassel on the graduation caps for the 68 graduating students on the spot, while parents or elders played the role for students at home.



The ceremony ended with all graduates singing the anthem "Look up to the Starry Sky”. The “cloud chorus” of graduates from all corners of the country made this graduation ceremony particularly precious and extraordinary.



The commencement ceremony was broadcasted live on various online platforms including China Daily, CCTV News, Beijing Daily, Xuexi.cn, Microblog, Tik Tok, Blibili, etc., with a total of over 2 million viewers.




Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:419
TITLE:【People’s Daily Online】China's Space Achievements Draw Global Attention
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2211.htm
TEXT:
【People’s Daily Online】China's Space Achievements Draw Global Attention
                

                    Release time：February 20, 2020 / People's Daily Online
                


Source: People’s Daily Online, February 20, 2020

Researchers collect vegetables inside the Yuegong-1, or Lunar Palace 1. (Photo provided by Beihang University)
A total of nearly 100,000 overseas social media users show interests in China’s recent space achievements, according to an online quiz co-conducted by Global Media Services Center of People’s Daily Online and Beihang University.
The quiz, consisting of three multiple choice questions about China’s recent space achievements, was posted on Beihang Twitter account on December 25, 2019.
The first question was about Yuegong-1, or Lunar Palace 1, a simulated space lab in which Chinese volunteers tested living conditions in the lunar environment, setting a record of 370 days for the longest stay in a self-contained cabin. Background data indicated that the quiz reached out to 31,415 Beihang Twitter account users.

Feng Ru 3 (Photo provided by Beihang University) 
The second question, also the one that most people gave an attempt at answering, was “A Beihang alumnus, chief designer of China’s Shenzhou spacecraft and leading technician of China’s first satellite, was recently inducted into the International Astronautical Federation Hall of Fame. What is his/her name?” 43.8% of quiz takers chose the right answer: Qi Faren.
Qi, a well-known space technology expert, was awarded the honor for his substantial contributions to the progress of space science and technology to mankind.
26.3% of quiz takers gave the right answer to the last question concerning Beihang-developed Fengru-3, an oil-powered UAV that set a world record for finishing a non-stop flight lasting 30 hours 6 minutes and 42 seconds.

Qi Faren (Photo provided by Beihang University)
It is worth noting that most quiz takers in the last question chose "Feng Ru" as the answer, instead of the correct answer "Fengru-3", indicating that more efforts may be needed to increase the knowledge of overseas social media users about the scientific and technological achievements made by contemporary Chinese young people.
The year of 2019 marked the 110th anniversary of China’s aviation industry started by Feng Ru, the father of Chinese Aviation. The record-breaking UAV, named after Feng Ru, was considered an anniversary gift for the industry.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:420
TITLE:Team of Prof. Liu Zhiqi Introduces Antiferromagnetic Memory Insensitive to Ultrastrong Magnetic Fields
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2389.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Liu Zhiqi Introduces Antiferromagnetic Memory Insensitive to Ultrastrong Magnetic Fields
                

                    Release time：January 18, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


Titled “A piezoelectric, strain-controlled antiferromagnetic memory insensitive to magnetic fields”, a research by the team of Prof. Liu Zhiqi from the School of Materials Science and Engineering was published online in Nature Nanotechnology on January 7, 2019. It adopts piezoelectric strain controlled by electric fields to achieve non-volatile regulation of the spin axis and resistance of antiferromagnet (AFM) MnPt, producing an AFM memory that is fully operational in strong magnetic fields up to 60 T and features low energy consumption.

Recent years have witnessed the rapid development of AFM spintronics as a cutting-edge research topic in the field of magnetic materials. Compared with the ferromagnetic materials now used in hard disks, AFM materials have two advantages in terms of information storage: being stable against external magnetic fields (or, to be more specific, against the data loss caused by demangnetization) and increasing the speed of writing data more than a thousand-fold.
The key of AFM spintronics is to control the spin states of AFM materials effectively. Regarding this issue, early studies use the spin–orbit torque produced by electric current to achieve the rotation of the spin axis. However, in strong magnetic fields, the strong Lorentz force will deflect the current and greatly influence the effect of writing and erasing data, which means that the advantage of AFM materials to be magnetic field-resistant can hardly be brought into play.
In a previous research published in Nature Electronics, the effective control of the spin structure of an antiferromagnet has been achieved by the team of Prof. Liu Zhiqi using piezoelectric strain produced by electrical fields. Based on this research, they grow antiferromagnet MnPt films on ferroelectric PMN-PT substrates, and the piezoelectric strain on PMN-PT can effectively change the direction of the AFM spin axis in MnPt (Fig. 1). The resistance of MnPt changes due to the anisotropic magnetoresistance effect in antiferromagnets, leading to different states that can be used to store the binary codes of “0” and “1” (Fig. 2).

Fig.1 Schematics of the AFM spin axis distribution in MnPt films under the control of electric fields

Fig. 2 The high- and low-resistance states written into the AFM memory based on the MnPt/PMN-PT heterostructure
Data writing and erasing by the piezoelectric strain do not involve currents. Even in strong magnetic fields (9 or 14 T), data writing and storage are not influenced at all (Fig. 2). In other words, hard disks made from this kind of device can operate normally in strong magnetic fields.
Furthermore, the team of Prof. Liu Zhiqi collaborated with the team of Prof. Zhu Zengwei from Wuhan National High Magnetic Field Center of Huazhong University of Science and Technology to test the response of AFM MnPt in a 60 T (1.2 million times the strength of the Earth’s magnetic field) magnetic field. According to the results of their experiments, the resistance of MnPt barely varies (~0.1%) because of its strong AFM coupling (Fig. 3) under this condition, which means that this memory will not suffer from demangnetization even in ultrastrong magnetic fields and proves the extraordinary advantage of AFM materials.

Fig. 3 The resistance variation of the MnPt-based AFM memory under a pulsed magnetic field up to 60 T
Based on the control of the AFM spin axis in MnPt films by piezoelectric strain, the team has also produced an AFM tunnel junction, whose tunnelling anisotropic magnetoresistance reaches ~11.2% at room temperature (Fig. 4). Since previous AFM tunnel junctions can hardly work at room temperature, this is undoubtedly a step forward and has significance for the development of high-density memory applications.

Fig. 4 Piezoelectric strain-controlled room-temperature AFM tunnel junction
According to reviewers, a key point of this research is that the resistance of the AFM material is very stable in ultrastrong pulsed magnetic fields.
The research received great support from Wuhan National High Magnetic Field Center of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, whose experiment facility of strong pulsed magnetic field is the only one in Asia that can provide magnetic fields up to 90T. It was also supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) on the Science Foundation Ireland–NSFC Partnership Programme, the Excellent Young Scientists Fund of NSFC and Beihang University under the Ten-Thousand Talents Program for top young talents.
Yan Han and Feng Zexin, both graduate students of the School of Materials Science and Engineering, are co-first authors of the research. Guidance was provided by Prof. Michael Coey, a world-renowned expert in magnetics and part-time professor of Beihang University, and Prof. Jiang Chengbao of the School of Materials Science and Engineering. The theoretical calculations were performed by Prof. Liu Zikui and Dr. Shang Shunli of the Pennsylvania State University.
The research article:
https://doi.org/10.1038/s41565-018-0339-0
 
Reported and reviewed by Xiao Jie
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:421
TITLE:Beihang Signs Agreement on Double-Degree Doctoral Program with Eindhoven University of Technology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2430.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Agreement on Double-Degree Doctoral Program with Eindhoven University of Technology
                

                    Release time：November 15, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


Recently, President Xu Huibin, on behalf of Beihang University, signed an agreement with Eindhoven University of Technology (TU/e) on a joint double-degree doctoral program. According to the agreement, the two universities will collaborate on doctoral programs in the future. The students are expected to be cultivated by advisors from both universities, and earn their doctor’s degrees from both when meeting the standards.


The two universities enjoy a solid foundation of cooperation. The School of Economics and Management of Beihang and TU/e have pushed forward scientific cooperation for a long time, such as publishing high-level research papers and holding seminars jointly. The School of Microelectronics of Beihang has carried out scientific research and trained doctors jointly with TU/e. These previous efforts contribute to the establishment of the joint double-degree doctoral program of the two universities, which will promote joint talent cultivation and academic exchange. Besides, the School of Economics and Management and the School of Computer Science and Engineering signed student exchange agreement with some related departments of TU/e.
Established in 1956, Eindhoven University of Technology is a famous university of technology in Europe and currently has 10,766 students as well as 1,952 teachers and researchers. It consists of 15 schools, and its advantageous subjects include electronics, computer, mechanics, transportation, biomedical engineering, chemistry, etc. It ranks 99th in QS World University Rankings of 2019, and in THE World University Rankings it was placed at 51st in the field of engineering and technology. 
  
Reported by Gao Yuan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:422
TITLE:2018 International Forum on Intelligent Manufacturing Technology for Graduate Students Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2498.htm
TEXT:
2018 International Forum on Intelligent Manufacturing Technology for Graduate Students Held
                

                    Release time：July 19, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                



On the morning of July 13, the 2018 International Forum on Intelligent Manufacturing Technology for Graduate Students organized by the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation was held at Room B506, New Main Building. Song Xiaodong, Director of the Division of Graduate Affairs Management, Cai Jun, Deputy Dean of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation and Cong Baoqiang, Deputy Party Secretary of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation attended the opening ceremony. Other participants included researchers and graduate students from well-known foreign universities such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of Cambridge and the University of Waterloo as well as graduate students from domestic universities or research institutes including Beihang University, Peking University, Tsinghua University, Harbin Institute of Technology, Xi’an Jiaotong University, the National Center for Nanoscience and Technology and so on.  


Cai Jun expressed his hope in the speech that all graduate students present could actively engage in the forum so as to gain an international academic vision, improve their scientific research capability and reach the frontier of the intelligent manufacturing technology. After the opening ceremony, Associate Professor Peng Peng from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation gave an invited speech. Dr. Tawfique Hasan from the University of Cambridge, Dr. Jin Chao from Sun Yat-sen University and Dr. Zhang Liwen from Beihang University also made three brilliant speeches titled “Printable Devices with 2D Material Functional Inks: Performance and Scalability”, “Application of Innovative Technology for Water Industry” and “Bioinspired Strong Wet Attachment Surface Based on the Strong Boundary Friction of Tree Frog's Toe Pad” respectively.
The forum was strongly supported by the Graduate School of Beihang University and the graduate workshop of the Chief Union. It focused on the intelligent manufacturing, robot manufacturing, micro/nano manufacturing and other interdisciplinary fields. The forum built a comprehensive and open platform of academic and cultural exchanges for graduate students, aiming at helping graduate students broaden their horizons, stimulate innovation and enthusiasm and improve their scientific research capability. Different research ideas and achievements in the fields of intelligent manufacturing, robot, micro/nano processing and jointing and additive manufacturing were shared and discussed in the following three days. There were all together 3 invited talks and 26 speeches in the forum.

 
Reported by Zhang Xinqiao
Edited by Sun Yecheng
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:423
TITLE:Beihang Racing Team Wins Three Second Prizes in 2020 Formula Student China
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2135.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Racing Team Wins Three Second Prizes in 2020 Formula Student China
                

                    Release time：November 30, 2020 / Wen Peiyu
                


Recently, the AERO-SEGWAY formula racing team from Beihang University took part in the 2020 Formula Student China (FSC) series with its self-designed electric and autonomous cars. After seven days of fierce competition with domestic strong teams, the team was honored with several prizes, including the Second Prize of Formula Student Electric China, the Second Prize of Efficiency Test of Formula Student Electric China, and the Second Prize of Formula Student Autonomous China, etc.


2020 marks the 11th consecutive year for Beihang AERO-SEGWAY formula racing team to participate in the FSC series. As one of the most experienced participants of this event, the team surpassed its rivals with outstanding dynamic performance, leaving a deep impression on audiences. Coming from one of the few schools with petrol cars, electric cars as well as autonomous cars, the team has given full play to the academic advantages of Beihang University and demonstrated the craftsmanship and innovation ability of Beihangers.

The Formula Student China was hosted by China Society of Automotive Engineers. Aimed at training the ability of engineering practice, scientific and technological innovation and team cooperation of students of automobile and related majors, this competition requires participating teams to build a racing car that meets the requirements of the competition rules each year to join in the static reply and dynamic competition. The competition has so far attracted more than 130 teams from over 100 universities including Tsinghua University, Harbin Institute of Technology, Beihang University, Beijing Institute of Technology, Tongji University, etc. Over the years, universities from Germany, the United States, Russia and Singapore have also been engaged in the competition.


Reported by Duan Bin
Reviewed by Wu Jianghao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:424
TITLE:Research Article by Team of Prof. Fan Yubo Published in Advanced Functional Materials
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2418.htm
TEXT:
Research Article by Team of Prof. Fan Yubo Published in Advanced Functional Materials
                

                    Release time：December 4, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, the team of Prof. Fan Yubo from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering published a research article titled “Transcatheter Self-powered Ultrasensitive Endocardial Pressure Sensor” in Advanced Functional Materials online, providing a new way to evaluate cardiac function and monitor cardiovascular diseases. The first co-authors are Liu Zhuo and Shi Bojing, doctoral students of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Ouyang Han, a doctoral student of Beijing Institute of Nanoenergy and Nanosystems of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Dr. Ma Ye from Changhai Hospital of Second Military Medical University. The corresponding authors are Prof. Fan Yubo, Prof. Zhang Hao, Prof. Li Zhou and Academician Wang Zhonglin. 
The research responds to the clinical need for aminimally invasive, highly sensitive and low-cost sensor to monitor endocardial pressure (EP), a crucial indicator of a heart's ability to pump blood. Once this function is impaired, one can suffer from heart failure (HF), which has become a global public health problem. The symptoms of HF include dyspnea, weakness, fatigue, inability to work and so on, leading to poor quality of life and heavy economic burden. The traditional method to monitor EP is invasive, expensive and not feasible for long-term and continuous data collection, and what the team of Prof. Fan has done is to offer a replacement to it. 
Based on triboelectric nanogenerator (TENG), they developed the first self-powered endocardial pressure sensor (SEPS) that can be implanted into the heart by minimally invasive surgery to monitor EP. Liu Zhuo and Ouyang Han employed a method of corona discharge to modify the triboelectric layers of the miniature SEPS (1 cm × 0.5 cm × 0.1 cm), whose output voltage could reach 6.2V, six times higher than that of the control group. Under the assistance of Dr. Ma Ye and Shi Bojing, the SEPS, integrated with a surgical catheter, was implanted into the heart of male adult Yorkshiren pigs to imitatively evaluate its function. According to the results, it features high sensitivity (1.195 mV/mmHg) and excellent linearity (R2=0.997), showing a good response both in low- and high-pressure environments. Cardiac arrhythmias such as ventricular fibrillation and ventricular premature contraction can also be detected by the SEPS in real time. Furthermore, its biosafety was proved by tests of blood compatibility and long-term stability, which means that it can be implanted into human hearts and work for a long time. 


The SEPS developed by the team of Prof. Fan
This first TENG-based implantable device to monitor EP has the potential to be developed into a kind of medical instrument, and it points out a new direction for research into self-powered miniature implantable medical sensors.
The research article:
https://doi.org/10.1002/adfm.201807560
  
Reported by Hou Dandan
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:425
TITLE:2019 Summer School of Beijing Excellence League Ends
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2317.htm
TEXT:
2019 Summer School of Beijing Excellence League Ends
                

                    Release time：June 10, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                



The 2019 Summer School of Beijing University League for Cultivation of Excellent Engineers (Beijing Excellence League) took place from May 19 to June 2. It was initiated by Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University and held in École Centrale de Lyon, Lycée Chaptal and Lycée Saint-Louis. 20 students and teachers from 17 universities of the league took part in the summer school.

The students spent their first week on various forms of learning and hands-on activities at École Centrale de Lyon. For example, in a class Prof. Olivier Bareille designed a research project of industry systems for the students, in which they completed the whole process of design, modelling, analysis and implementation. They gained knowledge of the features of the French education of engineers and had first-hand experience of the international teaching atmosphere as well as the essence of team work in the French education of engineers.
The students also took experiment classes of hydrodynamics, aeronautics, astronautics, optics and polymer chemistry together with French students. They exchanged thoughts about study as well as the education system and methods of each other’s country. In this way, the students experienced a different teaching method and the fun of cultural differences, and meanwhile they thought about other possibilities of their learning.

The participants spent the second week in Paris. They visited Lycée Chaptal and Lycée Saint-Louis, where they received a warm welcome from the directors and students of the two schools. They also learned about the French education system of engineers and interacted with the French students there in class.
In addition, the students took part in Olympiades de Sciences de l’Ingénieur, a French high school student competition of science and technology hosted by l'Union des Professeurs de Sciences et Techniques Industrielles (UPSTI, the Union of Professors in Industrial Sciences and Technology). They also visited the exhibition of scientific and technological projects completed by the students from 70 French high schools and two universities in Beijing.
Olympiades de Sciences de l’Ingénieurn was supported by the Ministry of Education of France and organized by famous French enterprises like Électricité de France (EDF), Thales and ALTEN. It requires students to carry out multidisciplinary projects that integrate various technologies, achieve innovative functions and solve engineering and real-life problems, to finish modelling and simulation and to demonstrate the real products. It is aimed at those French high school students who are counterparts of Chinese university students. Each team consists of two to five students. Among the 72 teams that reached the final this year, there were two Chinese teams selected by UPSTI and Beijing Excellence League, which were from Beihang University and Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications respectively.

According to the students, the classes, explorations of French culture, club activities, visits and practical activities of the summer school enabled them to gain diverse knowledge, immerse themselves in an international atmosphere, have access to modern facilities, develop a strong friendship and keep improving themselves. The summer school also helped deepen their understanding of their majors and update their career plans.
Beijing Excellence League was initiated by Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University and included 17 universities in Beijing, such as Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing University of Civil Engineering and Architecture and so on. As the secretary-general of the league, Sino-French Engineer School has successfully organized the summer school eight times since 2012, which enhances the domestic and international influence of the Sino-foreign education model of Beihang University. From 2014 to 2018, the summer school was held in France and the United States seven times, aiming to broaden the horizon of the participants, familiarize them with the mode and content of engineering education in Western developed countries and help the participants improve their learning and teaching methods in a well-directed manner.

Reported by Ma Jiming
Reviewed by Xu Ping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:426
TITLE:Beihang Professors Honored with China Youth Science and Technology Award 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2149.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professors Honored with China Youth Science and Technology Award
                

                    Release time：October 22, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On October 18, the ceremony of the 16th China Youth Science and Technology Award was held in tandem with the World Youth Scientist Summit (WYSS) in Wenzhou, Zhejiang. Five teachers from Beihang University, namely, Sun Jinji, Ning Xiaolin, Zheng Shiqiang, Cai Kaiquan and Li Jianli won awards in the event. In particular, Professor Sun Jinji won the Special Award in the category of China Youth Science and Technology Award. Beihang was among the top three universities that won the greatest numbers of awards.

Every two years, the China Youth Science and Technology Award will be bestowed to outstanding science and technology talents who have made great contributions in national economic development, social progress and scientific and technological innovation. Normally, there will be less than 100 awardees each time.
Introduction of Awardees


Sun Jinji
Sun Jinji, a professor at the Research Institute for Frontier Science, has long been committed to the research of magnetic bearing technologies and applications. His findings on the structure design of hybrid magnetic have been applied to China’s first magnetically suspended reaction flywheel and have been implemented on the Shijian-9 satellite, China’s first new technology test satellite. Sun was awarded the Special Award in the category of China Youth Science and Technology Award.

Ning Xiaolin
Ning Xiaolin, a professor at the Research Institute for Frontier Science, focuses on the autonomous navigation for aircraft and made a series of achievements in celestial navigation, integrated navigation, optimal estimation and signal processing. Lin has also achieved a breakthrough in tackling the problems of improving the accuracy and speed of aircraft navigation systems with her methods being used in Chang’e-2, Chang’e-4, Tianwen-1 and a long-range ballistic missile.

 
Zheng Shiqiang
Zheng Shiqiang, Vice Dean of the Precise Instrument and Quantum Sensing Institute, and a committee member of the Technical Committee on Navigation, Guidance and Control (TCNGC), Chinese Association of Automation (CAA), has long been dedicated to magnetic suspension technique and smart electromechanical systems. He also participated in the research of a high-speed high-energy-density magnetic suspension motor (at the speed of 30kW-66000r/min) and DN400CF ultra high vacuum molecular pump.

 
Cai Kaiquan
Cai Kaiquan, a professor at the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, has long been engaged in the study of networked air traffic management. He has led over 20 research projects, published more than 60 research papers and been granted 16 national invention patents.

Li Jianli
Li Jianli is a research fellow at the School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering. Li has been dedicated to finding out a high-precision solution for the airborne Position and Orientation System (POS). He has published more than 70 research papers (including collaborative work) and been awarded 25 patents.


Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:427
TITLE:Beihang Goertek Aeromodelling Team Successfully Defends Title in 2018 SAE Aero Design Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2542.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Goertek Aeromodelling Team Successfully Defends Title in 2018 SAE Aero Design Competition
                

                    Release time：April 22, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


From April 6th to 10th, Beihang Goertek Aeromodelling Team competed with 75 teams from 11 countries like the United States, Canada, Egypt, Poland, etc. in advanced class of 2018 SAE Aero Design West at Los Angles, USA. In Flight Performance, Oral Presentation and Written Design Report of the competition, Beihang won the first, second and third place respectively. With a total score of 486.8, Beihang ranked first in the Advanced Class of SAE, creating the best score worldwide in 2018 and breaking the world record of the event again.


The aeromodelling team began preparing for the competition last September. They overcame technical difficulties, innovated in the technique plan and made more than 50 flights. By continuous adjustments, perfect cooperation was achieved among the aircraft system design, structural design, power system, electronic system and many other aspects of the model.

In the rounds of Oral Presentation and Written Design Report, the aircraft designed by the team was highly praised by the judges from top international companies for the aviation design on its combination of two engines, mission payload, wings with a high aspect ratio, making with high-strength composites and complete electronic system design. Due to its eminent loading capacity and accurate automatic delivery ability, it won the champion in the following flight round with 40 hits in the target.


Beihang Goertek Aeromodelling Team was founded in 1952. After more than 60 years of development, it has formed perfect mechanisms for member selection, competition preparation and academic achievement transformation. It has become one of the most significant platforms to cultivate innovative talents. Its members took part in various competitions like the Challenge Cup and “Internet +” Competition for many times, achieving excellent results. Additionally, the team started to join in international competitions in 2012, and won the championship in all levels of world competitions, including SAE Aero Design Competition, Air Cargo Challenge (ACC), BMFA Aircraft Design Competition and so on. Communicating with international universities and top aircraft designers from the world, the team has built confidence in its specialty, the university and the country.

SAE Aero Design Competition is held by SAE International and sponsored by aviation giants like Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Dasso and ANSYS, to name a few. It aims to provide a platform for students to put their theoretical knowledge into practice in the process of conceiving, designing, making, testing, and perfecting a radio-controlled aircraft which meets mission requirements, and to improve their engineering writing and communication skills in the design report and the oral presentation rounds of the competition.
Reported by Liu YangEdited by Shi  YueTranslated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:428
TITLE:2020 Beihang University Undergraduate Graduation Party Held Online
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2175.htm
TEXT:
2020 Beihang University Undergraduate Graduation Party Held Online
                

                    Release time：July 2, 2020 / 
                


The 2020 Beihang University Graduation Party for undergraduates was held on the evening of June 27 and broadcasted live on five livestreaming platforms including Yangshipin, Bilibili, Sina Weibo, Tik Tok and Kuaishou. University leaders including Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun and Huang Haijun, Deputy Party Secretaries Zhao Gang and Cheng Bo, and heads of various schools attended the event and watched the party together with all graduates of 2020.

At the beginning of the party, a “Dream”-themed opening video, in the way of flashback, brought students to their class reunion 10 years later, and showcased their growth from the moment when they entered Beihang with initial dreams to their final self-actualization after going through the ups and downs. The humorous and interesting video struck a chord among students.

With the theme of “Beihang Dream”, the party featured four chapters: Youth Time, Everlasting Love, Epidemic-fighting Memories and Blooming Worldwide. Various performances in forms of song, cross-talk, recitation, dance, etc., pieced together students’  memories of their college life and showed their confidence and courage to face the challenges in the future.
In the first chapter, three original shows by Beihang students including a spectacular musical Beihang Disco, a creative cross-talk Really not Easy for Me and a medley Desires for Beihang, triggered students’ memory of enthusiasm and passion in youth.


In the second part, students’ four-year precious college experiences gradually unfolded in the performance A Beihang Tree Hole Named Exclusive Memory, taking them back to the memories of bringing food for their roommates and grabbing seats for morning lessons.

A unique “class” given by Li Chaorong, Li Hongyi and Gao Ning, three well-known teachers of Beihang University, brought graduates from all corners of the country back to the “classroom” , through which they conveyed their best wishes for the graduates.

Following that, Wings Of My Words sang by students who won “Top Ten Student Singers” Singing Competition of Beihang University and Don’t  Say  Goodbye  jointly performed by all counselors brought the atmosphere to a climax.


With the description of Beihangers’ stories in fighting against COVID-19, the party entered the third chapter. During the live broadcast, representatives of teachers, students and alumni who are on the frontline of fighting against the virus, shared their stories and feelings with the students.

When it comes to the session A Confession to Beihang, graduates from each school told their exclusive memories of their life at Beihang in their own unique ways and expressed their cordial love for their alma mater. The chorus Permanent Love Never Change, recorded online by members of Beihang Chorus, conveyed profound regards for those who are in the frontline of combating the novel Coronavirus.

In the fourth chapter, Beihang graduates across the country and around the world were interviewed live, during which they expressed their deep attachment to their alma mater and their reflections on the “cloud” graduation party.

Ode to the Red Flag, jointly performed by Beihang Dance Troup and Symphony Orchestra, showed students’ patriotism and their determination to devote themselves to the cause of aerospace.

The party drew to a close with all graduates singing the anthem “Look up to the Starry Sky”. Carrying the best blessings from their alma mater, all graduates will embark on a new journey of their life and forge ahead bravely.


Reported by Zheng Jian and Hu Xuyang
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Zhi Yuanyuan
Translated by Ma Yaping and Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:429
TITLE:Beihang Students Nab Prizes in 11th Chinese Mathematics Competitions
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3066.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Nab Prizes in 11th Chinese Mathematics Competitions
                

                    Release time：April 30, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Recently, six students from Beihang University won several prizes in the final of the 11th Chinese Mathematics Competitions (CMC) held at Wuhan University.
Huang Wenhuan and Li Jialei won the first and second prizes respectively in the Mathematics-major Group. In the Non-mathematics-major Group, Nan Junfeng was honored with the first prize, Wu Dongyi and Chen Yuxuan nabbed the second prize, and Han Chengkai won the third prize.

Founded in 2009 and sponsored by the Chinese Mathematical Society, CMC is one of the most influential high-level discipline competitions for undergraduates in China. It is an important way for well-known universities across the country to select innovative talents in mathematics and provides a platform for students to share skills and ideas in mathematics. The preliminary competition is usually held from the end of October to the beginning of November each year, and the final is carried out in March the next year.


Reported by Mu Huan
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:430
TITLE:Professor Kainam Thomas Wong Elected Fellow of Acoustical Society of America
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2146.htm
TEXT:
Professor Kainam Thomas Wong Elected Fellow of Acoustical Society of America
                

                    Release time：October 28, 2020 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Professor Kainam Thomas Wong has been elected a fellow to the Acoustical Society of America (ASA) for his notable contributions to signal processing for acoustic vector-sensor arrays.

Professor Kainam Thomas Wong is a full-time professor and supervisor of master's candidates at the School of General Engineering, Beihang University. He obtained his Ph.D. degree from Purdue University and has served successively in Nanyang Technological University, the Chinese University of Hong Kong, the University of Waterloo, and the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Professor Wong is a member of the editorial board of many famous SCI journals such as Circuits, Systems and Signal Processing, IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing, and IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems. Besides, he is also a fellow of the Institution of Engineering and Technology. He has long been dedicated to signal processing in electromagnetism and acoustics.
Founded in 1929, the Acoustical Society of America (ASA) is the world’s premier scientific society devoted to acoustics with 7,500 members in the world. In 1931, the ASA joined with three other academic societies to form the American Institute of Physics (AIP), a leading publisher in the physical sciences. Published by the ASA, the Journal of the Acoustical Society of America is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of acoustics, including Linear and Nonlinear Acoustics, Atmospheric Acoustics and Aeroacoustics, Underwater Sound, Ultrasonics and Physical Acoustics, Architectural Acoustics, Structural Acoustics and Vibration, etc.


Reported by Wang Yijie
Reviewed by Wen Dongsheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:431
TITLE:Team of Prof. Wang Xiaogang Publishes Research Article in Nature Metabolism, Reporting a Remarkable Achievement in the Field of Osteoporosis
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2356.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Wang Xiaogang Publishes Research Article in Nature Metabolism, Reporting a Remarkable Achievement in the Field of Osteoporosis
                

                    Release time：April 12, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


On April 8, 2019, a research article titled “The Long Noncoding RNA Lnc-ob1 Facilitates Bone Formation by Upregulating Osterix in Osteoblasts” was published online in Nature Metabolism by a team of Chinese scientists, reporting a remarkable achievement in the field of basic research on osteoporosis in China. It is the first time that a team of Chinese scholars publishes research article in this journal. They made use of big data to find a novel type of molecular regulating bone formation, and discover and verify a drug target for the treatment of osteoporosis.

The team of Wang Xiaogang from Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data-Based Precision Medicine of Beihang University cooperated with the team of Sun Yao and Wang Zuolin from the Affiliated Stomatology Hospital of Tongji University, the team of Zhang Gong from College of Life Science and Technology of Jinan University and some other teams to conduct the research. They spent five years tackling key problems and adopting the path of big data and big science, and obtained original research results. The research was reported by some biomedical media such as iNature and Bioart, arousing extensive concern of the academe. It is evaluated as a milestone of major research progress.
With the acceleration of aging of Chinese population, the osteoporosis incidence in people over 50 years old is as high as 19.2%. Parathyroid hormone (PTH), the only approved clinical drug that can effectively promote bone formation in clinics at present, has drawbacks such as two-year useful life, insensitivity to fracture treatment and potential risk of causing osteosarcoma. Therefore, new strategies and mechanisms are urgently needed to solve the difficulties in the development of bone-forming drugs. This research finds a long noncoding RNA lnc-ob1 with osteoblast-specific knock-in that could enhance bone formation, and realizes that lnc-ob1 specifically in osteoblasts confers resistance to ovariectomy-induced osteoporosis in mice. These findings reveal the significant role of lncRNAs in bone formation, and demonstrate the bone-tissue-specific lncRNA as a potential strategy for the treatment of osteoporosis.
In recent years, the team of Wang Xiaogang has cooperated with the team of Sun Yao and published a series of researches in noncoding RNA s’ regulation of hard tissue development and mineralization, focusing on the technology of noncoding RNA therapy targets and targeted therapy related to hard tissue diseases. The previous results were published in Nature Medicine, Nature Communication, ACS Nano, Journal of Bone and Mineral Research, Journal of Dental Research and other international authoritative journals. The research was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China, National Key R&D Program of China, and Beihang top youth program, etc.
The research article:
http://www.nature.com/articles/s42255-019-0053-8

Reported by Lin Ouya
Reviewed by Liu Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:432
TITLE:2018 Beihang University Undergraduate Graduation Party Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2523.htm
TEXT:
2018 Beihang University Undergraduate Graduation Party Held
                

                    Release time：June 14, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 2018 Beihang University graduation party for undergraduates was held in Beihang Gymnsium on the evening of June 8th. Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, Li Junfeng, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, faculty and all graduating undergraduates of 2018 gathered together to spend an unforgettable evening. 




The party was set in a scene of space travel of BUAA2018 “Dream-Pursuing” spaceship. With the theme of “Meet You in the Most Beautiful Years”, the party was divided into three parts: Meeting You, Knowing You, and Enduring Friendship. Various performances in forms of song, cross-talk, recitation, dance, etc., pieced the three parts together and provided a wonderful graduation gift.




In the first part, beautiful and creative songs, a cross-talk and exciting dances lit up the floor.






The second part fell into a warm atmosphere. Thousand Times Sad AC and The Road to Mediocre Life sang the feelings of the young; Beihanger Manual, recited by graduating undergraduate representatives from different schools of Beihang, summarized their colorful college life humorously; dynamic street dance Set Sail from the North brought the atmosphere to a climax; Love Songs for Graduates, sung by student advisers, extended their sincere wishes for the undergraduates.










With the video activities and fun live interviews, the party entered the third part. The night saw many beautiful and skilled shows performed by students and teachers. The party drew to a close with the loving entrust from Prof. Wen Chuanyuan (Designer of “Beijing No. 5” drone) for graduating undergraduates through the video and the song and dance performance Mr. Big self-directed and performed by Beihang Students Art Group, which was not only the celebration gift for Prof. Wen’s 100th birthday, but also the sincere expression of best wishes for teachers and students.






  
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:433
TITLE:Short-Term Training Sessions of 2nd China-Arab States BDS Cooperation Forum Held in Tunisia
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2359.htm
TEXT:
Short-Term Training Sessions of 2nd China-Arab States BDS Cooperation Forum Held in Tunisia
                

                    Release time：April 8, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


The Short-Term Training Sessions of the Second China-Arab States BDS Cooperation Forum in Tunisia was held by the International Exchange and Training Center of China Satellite Navigation Office from April 1 to 2, responding to the proposal of ensuring “the smooth flow of talents and ideas along the Belt and Road” by President Xi Jinping in his speech at Arab League Headquarters in 2016.
The training sessions were attended by directors of the International School and the School of BeiDou and the Silk Road and teachers from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering and the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, who were representatives of the International Exchange and Training Center. There were also attendees from the Arab Information and Communication Technologies Organization (AICTO).
During the sessions, 13 Chinese experts delivered their reports respectively to introduce the basic principles of the BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS), the application of BDS to geographic information and precision agriculture, the technical trend in small satellites, the development of BDS-related training capabilities and the experience with BDS products and application system to 48 students from countries in the Arab World, such as Tunisia, Egypt, Algeria, Iraq and Mauritania. A visit to the China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center in Tunisia was also arranged for them in order to improve African and Arab users’ knowledge, experience and application of BDS and other GNSS systems.

Training sessions and the visit at the China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center in Tunisia

Discussion with the students who attended the event
Before the training sessions, Dr. Weng Jingnong, Dean of the International School, issued the offer of admission to the Master Program on Space Technology Applications with scholarship to three students at the opening ceremony of the Second China-Arab States BDS Cooperation Forum. He also participated in the high-level dialogue of the forum.

A group photo of the participants
Aimed at facilitating the popularization and application of BDS in the Arab region, the training sessions were well-received and aroused great interest in BDS technology and applications among the participants. The sessions will promote the implementation of the "hundred, thousand and ten thousand" project for enhancing China-Arab friendship and the joint training of professionals in the field of satellite navigation with African and Arab countries.

Reported by Jin Tian
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong and Jing Guifei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:434
TITLE:Beihang Professor Tao Fei Receives 2023 Xplorer Prize
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3561.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor Tao Fei Receives 2023 Xplorer Prize
                

                    Release time：July 21, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On July 17, the list of winners for the 2023 Xplorer Prize were announced, with 50 young scientists being granted the honor. Among them was Tao Fei, a professor from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University.

Tao Fei, professor and Ph.D. supervisor of the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University and special professor of Intelligent Manufacturing for the Ministry of Education (2019), currently serves as the executive vice dean of Beihang International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science, deputy director of Beihang Party Committee Talent Office, and member of the National Intelligent Manufacturing Expert Committee. Having devoted himself to the study of intelligent manufacturing, digital engineering and digital twin related theory, technology and application for more than 20 years, he has cultivated 12 doctoral and 37 master's degree graduates in the field of intelligent manufacturing and won the second prize in Beijing Teaching Achievement Award (ranked 1st) for his interdisciplinary talent training methods in intelligent manufacturing. He has presided over multiple projects of the national key research and development program, the key international cooperation program of National Natural Science Foundation of China, and the national leading talents program. He invented the technology and device for data acquisition and transmission of soft-hard-integrated intelligent manufacturing, proposed a five-dimensional digital twin model, led his team to explore and establish the digital twin theory, technology and standard system together with domestic and foreign scholars, published a series of three English monographs and the first digital twin review article in Nature in 2019, and founded the international journal Digital Twin. As the person in charge, he led his team to win the second prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award (2020), the first prize of Natural Science Award of the Ministry of Education (2022), the first prize of China Machinery Industry Technology Invention Award (2022), and the China Youth Science and Technology Award (2016). He published five monographs as the first author and 25 ESI highly-cited papers in journals such as Nature. His relevant papers won the Best Paper Award of the SME (Society of Manufacturing Engineers) Journal of Manufacturing Systems (JMS) (2023), China's 100 Most Influential Domestic Academic Papers (2022) and China's 100 Most Influential International Academic Papers (2022), and the 7th Excellent Scientific and Technological Papers of China Association for Science and Technology (2022), while he himself was selected the highly-cited scholar by Clarivate Analytics and Chinese highly-cited scholar by Elsevier for four consecutive years and the global top 20 most influential scholar in Intelligent Manufacturing by SME (2021).
Established in 2018, the Xplorer Prize has funded 248 young scientists from 90 research institutions in 26 cities with an average age of 41 in the past five years. In 2021, Professor Zhao Weisheng from the School of Integrated Circuit Science and Engineering and Professor Chen Huawei from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation of Beihang University won the award in the fields of information and electronics technologies and advanced manufacturing respectively. Professor Zhao Lidong from the School of Materials Science and Engineering won the award in the field of advanced interdisciplinary studies in 2022.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:435
TITLE:Vice Rector of Tecnológico de Monterrey Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2510.htm
TEXT:
Vice Rector of Tecnológico de Monterrey Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：July 2, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the afternoon of June 28, a delegation of 2 people led by Professor José Manuel Páez Borrallo, Vice Rector for International Affairs of Tecnológico de Monterrey, visited Beihang University. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun met the guests at the conference center of New Main Building, accompanied by representatives from the International Division.


Vice President Huang extended his warm welcome to the delegation and reviewed the current progress the two sides had achieved in the fields of personnel exchanges and scientific research cooperation. He noted that the two universities, as first-class research universities in China and Mexico respectively, had broad prospects for cooperation in many disciplines. Vice Rector Páez expressed his gratitude for Beihang’s friendly reception and agreed to strengthen the ties with Beihang by expanding the partnership through cooperation in different fields. During the meeting, both sides had in-depth exchanges and finally reached consensus on topics like establishing school-level partnerships, conducting exchange programs and promoting scientific research cooperation.


Founded in 1943, Tecnológico de Monterrey is one of the most prestigious universities in Latin America. It currently has 26 campuses in Mexico with 89,641 students, among whom 55,565 are undergraduates and 7,962 are graduate students. The university ranks 5th among Latin American universities and 178th in the latest QS World University Rankings.
  
Written by Zhou Mi
Photographed by Lu Shanshan
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:436
TITLE:Beihang Leaders Take Group Photos with 2021 Graduates
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3113.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Leaders Take Group Photos with 2021 Graduates
                

                    Release time：June 15, 2021 / Zheng Quan
                


On the mornings of June 10th and 11th, 3,848 graduating undergraduates from 29 schools assembled on the squares in the two campuses of Beihang University to take group photos. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun and Zhang Guang, Deputy Party Secretaries Zhao Gang and Cheng Bo, as well as heads from various schools, teachers and student advisers attended the event and took photos with the graduates, extending their best wishes for them.


After taking the group photos, the students flocked to the university leaders to take photos as a memento. The leaders wrote blessing messages and kindly inquired about the students’ employment whereabouts. They hoped that the graduates would continue to carry out the Beihang Spirit after graduation and be a person with ideals and responsibilities in the new era.


A sweet and warm graduation atmosphere filled the campus. Graduation photo boards were set to demonstrate the graduates’ dreams and thoughts, and many graduates posed in front of them to shoot photos and videos.


The photos capture the wonderful moments of students’ four-year university life at Beihang and carry their deep blessings and good expectations to the Alma Mater, leaving unforgettable memories for them as they march towards a new journey of life.







Reported by Song Chao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:437
TITLE:Beihang and AVIC Sign Collaborative Innovation Cooperation Agreement
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2169.htm
TEXT:
Beihang and AVIC Sign Collaborative Innovation Cooperation Agreement
                

                    Release time：July 23, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On the morning of July 16, the signing ceremony of collaborative innovation cooperation by Aviation Industrial Corporation of China (AVIC) and Beihang University was held at the conference center of the AVIC headquarter.
Among attendees were Tan Ruisong, Chairman and Party Group Secretary of AVIC, Luo Ronghuai, General Manager and Deputy Party Group Secretary of AVIC, Hao Zhaoping, Deputy General Manager of AVIC, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Xu Huibin, President and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang and Zhao Gang, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang.

The ceremony
Tan Ruisong said that AVIC and Beihang are connected closely and have long been committed to the development of China’s aviation industry, forging a harmonious cooperation relationship with fruitful results. This signing was a result of mutual expectation and preparation between AVIC and Beihang. As China's aviation industry continues to advance in the new era, the two sides will embrace a broader cooperation prospect.

Tan Ruisong gave a speech
Tan Ruisong proposed four suggestions on in-depth cooperation. Firstly, learn from each other and leverage their own advantages to advance the building of innovative platforms, such as the National Laboratory for Aeronautics and Astronautics. Secondly, cultivate talents according to the needs of the aviation industry to enhance the momentum of university-industry cooperation and explore a university-industry cooperation mode in which university, industry and research are deeply integrated. Thirdly, work together to achieve synergy among strategic industries, highlight each other's advantages and greatly advance scientific and technological innovation and the breakthrough of key technologies. Finally, establish and improve a long-term mechanism for bilateral cooperation, and regularly review the cooperation process and pressing issues to consolidate the results of cooperation.
In her speech, Secretary Cao Shumin reviewed the achievements of cooperation between AVIC and Beihang, and expressed her congratulations to AVIC on its achievements in the development of aviation equipment in recent years. She pointed out that Beihang shares the same "red genes" as AVIC. Beihang has always attached great importance to its cooperation with AVIC, and both sides have a profound cooperation foundation. Over the past few years, Beihang and AVIC have achieved remarkable results in highlighting university-industry collaboration, industry-education integration and collaborative research into core technologies.

Cao Shumin delivered a speech
Secretary Cao hoped that the two sides could further integrate resources, innovate cooperation modes and have deeper and more extensive cooperation in the research on key technologies, application and transformation of technological achievements, the building of high-level technological innovation platform, academic exchanges and talent cultivation to build the aviation industry and the university into world-class ones and make contributions to China’s aviation industry. Beihang will continue to advance the professional development arrangement and strengthen the high-level talent cultivation.

The signing ceremony
At the meeting, Zhao Gang and Hao Zhaoping, on behalf of Beihang and AVIC respectively, signed the collaborative innovation cooperation agreement. Representatives of AVIC, including Tan Ruisong, Luo Ronghuai, Liu Jinghong and Li Yan and representatives of Beihang, including Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin, Wang Rongqiao and Zhang Yaotian witnessed the signing ceremony. The leaders of the two sides held in-depth talks and exchanged views on further strengthening cooperation. The two sides will deepen collaborative innovation based on current cooperation, strengthen cooperation by giving full play to their own advantages and characteristics and upgrade the level of cooperation in the future.

The group photo


Reported by Di Bailu and Wu Qiong
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Di Bailu
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:438
TITLE:Beihang Students Win 5 Gold and 1 Silver Medals in 7th China “Internet+” Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3172.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win 5 Gold and 1 Silver Medals in 7th China “Internet+” Competition
                

                    Release time：October 22, 2021 / Li Yifan
                


Beihang students won 5 gold, 1 silver and 3 bronze medals in the national finals of the 7th China International College Students’ “Internet+” Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition held at Nanchang University on October 15, hitting a record high in terms of entries in shortlist, gold awards, and the total number of prizes. Beihang University also won the Advanced Collective Award for the first time. The project of ZFTX Aeroengine Technology and Industry Company "A Story About Wing Loong and His Aeroengine", won the runner-up among 2.28 million entries nationwide.

The China International College Students "Internet+" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition is currently the most influential event in the field of entrepreneurship and innovation for college students. The 7th competition is co-sponsored by 12 central ministries and commissions (including the Ministry of Education, the United Front Work Department of CPC Central Committee, etc.) and the People's Government of Jiangxi Province, and co-organized by Nanchang University and Nanchang Municipal People’s Government. Lasting for 6 months, the competition attracted more than 2.28 million entries and 9.56 million participants from 4,347 universities and colleges in 121 countries and regions.
Founded in 2016, ZFTX (Beijing) Aeroengine Technology and Industry Company is a private aeroengine company born in the context of the launch of two-machine (aeroengines and gas turbines) special projects. Liu Chen, the founder of the company, is an undergraduate of the class of 2011 of the Law School and a Ph.D student of the School of Energy and Power Engineering at Beihang University. Committed to being a world-class manufacture of light aircraft power and ready-made aviation equipment, the company carries out the development of aeroengines and floor combustion gas turbines and provides related technical services with the strong support of Beihang University, Aviation Industry Corporation of China, LTD. (AVIC), Aero Engine Corporation of China (AECC), and China Electronics Technology Group Corporation (CETC). It also involves scientific research and production in the field of operation and maintenance, decision-making, mission, and ground support systems of large unmanned aircraft and related technical services.
On the afternoon of October 15th, SUN Chunlan, Vice Premier of the State Council, listened to the presentation by the “Tiansuo Power” (“Beihang-4”) team of Beihang University and highly affirmed the achievement.

Many entries from different schools and colleges of Beihang University have also won various prizes in the competition. These winning projects range from rocket power to AR technique, from precision instrument to unmanned aircraft, and from new energy vehicle to robot, representing the wisdom and innovation of participants.

Beihang University has attached great importance to the competition. Against the backdrop of epidemic prevention and control, the university has overcome all the obstacles and achieved the best results ever after one year of preparation, which includes cultivating talents in entrepreneurship and innovation, discovering innovative projects, and ameliorating their qualities. This has well shown the university’s new pattern for talent training which aims to fulfill the need of the country and society as well as promote education reform and the development of talent cultivation.


Reported by Liu Yang
Photographed by Tang Zewen and Wang Yukang
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:439
TITLE:Chinese New Year Celebration Held at Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2384.htm
TEXT:
Chinese New Year Celebration Held at Beihang University
                

                    Release time：February 3, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


On February 2nd, the Chinese New Year celebration for teachers and students was held in the Training Restaurant. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice Presidents Huang Haijun and Zhang Guang, President Assistant Zhao Gang, together with the officials of relevant departments, teachers and students, merrily gathered and celebrated the Spring Festival.


At the event
The Student Financial Assistance Centre blended the spirit of aerospace, traditional culture and concern for students in the colorful folk activities, in which students felt the atmosphere of Chinese New Year and the warmness of family.





At the event
The school leaders, teachers and students made great efforts to knead dough, mix stuffing and roll the wrappers. They made dumplings together in a lively atmosphere.

Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin made dumplings with students

President Xu Huibin made dumplings with students
Cao Shumin delivered presents to students with best wishes for the New Year. She said that Beihangers had spent a warm and happy 2018, which was the result of joint efforts. As the new year approaches, the teachers and students gathered together to experience the new year and preserve the traditional culture. At last, she wished the faculty good health and the students success in study.

Cao Shumin delivered the presents
Xu huibin presented prizes to the students who won the Chinese New Year lottery. At the event, he improvised a wonderful couplet, which fully expressed his sincere wishes and good expectations to the university at the special occasion of bidding farewell to the old year and ushering in the New Year.

Xu Huibin delivered the presents
Some students sent their sincere wishes and expressed their gratitude to Beihang via video link from their hometown.
The Chinese New Year celebration officially kicked off in the jubilant atmosphere. All the participants enjoyed delicacies and the fine shows together. The art troupe put on wonderful performances and sent blessings to the participants.



The wonderful performances
Looking back, scenes that Beihangers struggled for their goals still appear vividly before us. In the new year, they will continue to pursue their dreams.
 
Reported by Sun Tianxu
Photographed by Yin Jiangxushan, Qian Siyuan and Niu Bo
Reviewed by Feng Sheng
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lu Baihui
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:440
TITLE:Universidad Politécnica de Madrid Delegate Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3442.htm
TEXT:
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid Delegate Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：March 3, 2023 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of February 28, Professor Xavier Ferre, delegate of the Rector of Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (UPM) for Asian Affairs, visited Beihang University. Weng Jingnong, head of International Division of Beihang University, met with the guest in the conference room of International Division.

Weng Jingnong extended his warm welcome to Professor Ferre and introduced Beihang's ideas and measures to vigorously promote the comprehensive recovery and improvement of international exchanges and cooperation. The two sides reviewed the fruitful achievements they have made since the establishment of cooperative relationship, expounded the latest development of the two universities, and exchanged views and reached consensus on such topics as deepening the comprehensive cooperative relationship and promoting joint training, scientific research exchanges and personnel exchanges.

During his tour, Professor Ferre also visited the School of Computer Science and Engineering (SCSE) of Beihang University, and talked with Wang Yunhong, dean of SCSE, Liang Xiaohui, vice dean of SCSE, and related professors on expanding cooperation in the field of scientific research and implementing the joint and double degree program. Professor Diao Peng from the School of Materials Science and Engineering and Lyu Ying from the School of Humanities and Social Sciences also attended the discussion and exchanged ideas on UPM exchange students’ studying at Beihang in the next semester.

Founded in 1971, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid is a top technical university in Spain and also a member of T.I.M.E. The university is famous for its aerospace, energy, computer science, information management, industrial engineering, architecture and other fields, taking the lead in Spain and Europe as well. Since the two universities established partnership in 2007, they have exchanged over 280 students for various forms of joint cultivation and communication. In recent years, the two universities have vigorously promoted faculty cooperation, fostered international research projects, signed Seed Funding agreements, and collaboratively established several joint research centers.


Reported by Zhou Mi
Photographed by Fu Rao
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:441
TITLE:Research and Practice Program of New Engineering Disciplines Initiated and Contract of Beihang-Tencent Cooperation Signed
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2540.htm
TEXT:
Research and Practice Program of New Engineering Disciplines Initiated and Contract of Beihang-Tencent Cooperation Signed
                

                    Release time：May 9, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


The ceremony of the Research and Practice Program of New Engineering Disciplines and Beihang-Tencent Cooperation was held on the morning of April 17th, with Prof. Wang Zulin from the Office of Student Affairs being the host. Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, and Wang Juhong, Vice President of Tencent, signed an industry-academia cooperation memorandum on behalf of the two sides at the ceremony.

Prof. Huang welcomed the attendees and introduced Beihang University briefly from the aspects of history and developments, advantages and construction of disciplines, talent cultivation, scientific and technological innovations, etc. He believed that the traditional engineering education should be geared towards the industrial needs, and the transfer and commercialization of scientific and technological achievements should be promoted. He was very optimistic about the cooperation between Beihang and Tencent, the academia and the industry.
Ms. Wang said Tencent had developed a system to collaborate with universities in cultivating talents, which include research talents in cutting-edge fields like artificial intelligence (AI), professional talents in cloud computing and cybersecurity, interdisciplinary talents in Internet Plus fields and so on. According to her, Tencent expected that, through Beihang-Tencent educational cooperation, a platform would be built to improve teachers’ capabilities, develop new engineering disciplines. explore patterns to cultivate talents, and reform traditional educational models by information-based methods.

Then Prof. Huang and Ms. Wang signed an industry-academia cooperation memorandum, which aims to integrate the advantageous resources possessed by the two sides in education and industry. Based on resource sharing and win-win cooperation, Beihang and Tencent will join hands in talent cultivation, informationalization of education, scientific research and so on, following the need-oriented and task-driven principle. Their collaboration embodies the combined efforts to promote the process of digitalization and the integration of academia and industry, which will be powered by the cloud service, big data and AI of Tencent. They also plan to deepen their cooperation and cultivate the brightest minds for China’s development in a new era.


Prof. Gao Xiaopeng, Vice Dean of the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Prof. Cao Qinghua, Vice Dean of Beihang School, and Mr. Liu Kesheng, Executive Dean of Shie College signed the agreement of industry-academia cooperation programs with Mr. Sun Chao, General Operation Manager of Tencent Cloud. Ms. Wang and Prof. Huang also presented certificates of honor to the directors of new engineering programs from the Ministry of Education and Beihang University respectively.
The ceremony ended with a lecture entitled “Tencent Artificial Intelligence”, which was delivered by Mr. Zhang Yanfu, an expert AI architect from Tencent. He introduced the strategic plan of Tencent in the field of AI as well as the essence, development, application, talent need of AI, and provided technical explanations of the cases of face recognition, image recognition and voice technology. As he said, Tencent would apply AI in more fields and situations, significantly contributing to industrial progress and social development.
 
 
Reported by Jiang Shan
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:442
TITLE:Beihang Holds Donation Ceremony at 100-day Countdown to Its 70th Anniversary
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3341.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Donation Ceremony at 100-day Countdown to Its 70th Anniversary
                

                    Release time：July 18, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On July 17, Beihang University held a donation ceremony at Ruxin Convention Center on the occasion of a 100-day countdown to its 70th anniversary. Alumnus Xia Wei donated 100 million yuan to his alma mater for the establishment of funds for science and technology innovation, aiming at supporting the transformation of scientific and technological achievements and alumni innovation and entrepreneurship. At the ceremony, Xia Wei, together with Xu Zewei, Wang Jianfei, Jin Yong, Liu Fuhua and Huang Lingfeng, also donated 10 million yuan equity of Beihang Investment Co. to support the development of the university.

The donation ceremony
Among the attendees were Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Changlu, Beihang President Xu Huibin, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun and Zhang Guang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo and alumni Xia Wei, Xu Zewei, Wang Jianfei, Jin Yong, and Liu Fuhua. The ceremony was presided over by Zhang Guang.
In his address, Xia Wei said that one should never forget his alma mater and always be grateful.  “This year marks the 70th anniversary of Beihang University. It would be my pleasure to do something meaningful for the development of my alma mater. The care, education and cultivation provided by Beihang University made my career possible, so I hope the donation will encourage more alumni to jointly support the innovation and entrepreneurship of young teachers and students and continue to make contributions to Beihang’s pursuit of building a world-class university with Chinese characteristics.”

Xia Wei delivered a speech at the ceremony 

Xia Wei and Liu Shuchun signed the donation agreement on behalf of both sides

Wang Jianfei and Liu Shuchun signed the donation agreement on behalf of both sides

Zhao Changlu and Xu Huibin presented alumni Xia Wei, Xu Zewei, Wang Jianfei, Jin Yong and Liu Fuhua the donation certificate
Xu Huibin extended his gratitude to Xia Wei and Beihang Investment Co.. He noted that Beihang University always takes serving the country as the highest pursuit and its students share a strong sense of patriotism. The university has made great achievements since its founding 70 years ago. He hoped that the donation will encourage and inspire more Beihang students and also people with vision to support the development of Beihang and to make joint efforts to build Beihang into a world-class university with Chinese characteristics.

Xu Huibin delivered a speech
Zhao Changlu thanked Xia Wei and Beihang Investment Co. on behalf of the university. He said that the donation is of great significance at the 100-day countdown to the university's anniversary. Since its founding 70 years ago, Beihang has always been exploring a new way to build a world-class university. The development of Beihang can only be possible with the support and hard work of its alumni. He said that this donation showed their affections towards Beihang, signified the fruit of the university’s talent cultivation, and involved higher expectations towards the university’s development. Beihang will make good use of the donation and try to benefit more teachers and students in regards to innovation and entrepreneurship. He also pointed out that the university will also take the 70th anniversary as an opportunity to comprehensively improve the work quality related to alumni affairs.

Zhao Changlu delivered a speech


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu and Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:443
TITLE:Beihang Holds Seminar on Informatization in Talent Cultivation
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2381.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Seminar on Informatization in Talent Cultivation
                

                    Release time：March 4, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On Feb 27, Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, presided over the seminar on the plan of informationization in “Smart Beihang” personnel training. During the meeting, the director responsible for this section reported the draft of the plan. Representatives from the Office of Academic Affairs, Graduate School, Student Affairs and other departments attended the meeting and jointly discussed this issue.
Tao noted that the panel has paid great attention to the task. They pooled ideas and efforts to improve the informationization plan, which has achieved fruitful results. The newly drafted plan took the current situation into full consideration, and mapped out detailed plans to guide the project.
Besides, Tao required that the informationization project should be carried out under the guidance of fostering virtue through education for the benefit of teachers and students. In order to refine the plan, the team ought to seek more advice from teachers and students, guarantee a smooth and transparent process of informationization, and integrate different subsections. Also, a new English-based multilingual language system can assist in promoting the informationization and internationalization of education and providing more convenient and useful service to the teachers and students.

Reported by Du Yunhui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Liu Jinyang
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:444
TITLE:2018 International Graduate Summer School Opening Ceremony
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2499.htm
TEXT:
2018 International Graduate Summer School Opening Ceremony
                

                    Release time：July 18, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 2018 International Graduate Summer School（2018IGSS）opening ceremony was held at the Conference Center of New Main Building on the morning of July 11th. Vice President Huang Haijun, Graduate School leaders, academic experts of the summer school, supervisors and more than 100 graduate students from all over the world attended the ceremony. Xu Guoqiang, Vice Dean of the Graduate School, presided over the ceremony.


In his address, Vice President Huang introduced the accomplishments Beihang had achieved in the fields of talent cultivation, research innovation and international cooperation in recent years, and reviewed the history and development of International Graduate Summer School (IGSS) since its establishment in 2011. He noted that the IGSS provided a high-level exchange platform for graduate students at home and abroad by making full use of Beihang’s academic advantages, teachers and research resources. He also expressed his wishes that the students could take advantage of this opportunity to improve their interdisciplinary communication ability and critical thinking ability, laying good foundation for collaborative innovation in aerospace in the future.
Student representatives Markus Guerster, a PhD candidate form Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and PhD student Wang Xiangyu from School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering of Beihang University, delivered their speeches. They extended their gratitude to the organizing committee and expressed their expectations for the next week's study and life.
Head teacher representative Liu Yan from School of Space and Environment and Director of the Integrated Management Office of Graduate School Song Xiaodong introduced some items for attention and related schedules about this summer school, respectively.
Following the opening ceremony, Prof. Franco Bernelli Zazzera from Politecnico di Milano University made the first report entitled A short history of the development of flight control systems.


The 2018 International Graduate Summer School, based on aerospace science and the existing graduate education resources in Beihang, aims to strengthen exchanges between Beihang graduate students and foreign students and inspire their innovation consciousness. More than 100 graduates from over 30 countries participated in the school this year.


  
Written by Duan Anqi and Gong Zhengxuan
Photographed by Wang Yilin and Luo Liyi
Edited by Song Chao and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:445
TITLE:Li Dong Attends Beihang Grand Lecture
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3167.htm
TEXT:
Li Dong Attends Beihang Grand Lecture
                

                    Release time：October 18, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


On the afternoon of October 11, alumnus Li Dong, the chief designer of the Long March 5 family, was invited to Beihang Grand Lecture and gave a lecture entitled “Long March 5 Rocket and the Development of China’s Aerospace”. The lecture was presided over by Liu Kesheng, Secretary of the Party Committee of the School of Future Aerospace Technology / ShenYuan Honors College.

Li Dong interpreted the development of carrier rockets and aerospace technology from five perspectives, including space and launch vehicles, key technology and engineering challenges, technological breakthroughs and innovations of the Long March 5, China’s aerospace achievements and limitations, and also the future of China’s space transportation system.

In particular, he emphatically explained the ten major technical problems and the five major technological breakthroughs with humorous and vivid language to make the profound and complicated content easy to understand. “China’s aerospace stage is as big as the carrying capacity of its rockets,” said Li Dong. The future of China’saerospace, its burden and responsibility are falling on the contemporary youth.


After the lecture, Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun awarded the honorary certificate of “Beihang Grand Lecture” to Li Dong.

Li Dong, an alumnus of the class of 1985 at Beihang University, and the chief designer of the Long March 5 Series Launch Vehicles, has long been committed to the research and engineering practice of carrier rocket technology and made significant contributions in the field of China’s new generation of launch vehicles. He has successively won many honorary titles such as “Young and Middle-aged Experts with Outstanding Contribution” of the National Talent Project, the 14th Aerospace Laureate Awards, and the 2020 “Most Beautiful Scientific and Technological Worker”.


Reported by Yin Sumin
Photographed by Song Chao
Reviewed by Liu Kesheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:446
TITLE:Lecture Series on Space Technology Application Held Online by  Beihang and RCSSTEWA-Jordan
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2182.htm
TEXT:
Lecture Series on Space Technology Application Held Online by  Beihang and RCSSTEWA-Jordan
                

                    Release time：June 15, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


From May 14 to June 9, a lecture series on space technology application was held online by the UN-affiliated Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education in the Asia-Pacific Region (RCSSTEAP-China) and the UN-affiliated Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education for Western Asia (RCSSTEWA-Jordan).
Among attendees, Yang Dongkai and Jin Tian from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, as well as Prof. Wang Xinsheng from the School of Astronautics illustrated the principle and application of the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS), the reflected GNSS signals and its application in the remote sensing field, the multifunctional ground station network as well as space science and technology education. Dr. Awni Kasawneh, Director of RCSSTEWA-Jordan, presided over the opening ceremony and Weng Jingnong, Dean of the International School, was invited to give an opening speech.
Given the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, this lecture series was live-streamed on Zoom and Facebook, attracting an audience of almost 400 from over 20 countries around the world.

This lecture series, which came as the last satellite for Beidou-3 Navigation Satellite System was launched, is of great significance for space science and technology education. Especially during the coronavirus pandemic, the lecture series provided an excellent online platform for international academic dialogues and cooperation, significantly increasing Beihang’s influence in the Arab areas.
The regional center in China, established in 2014 and based at Beihang University, is the only UN-affiliated institution in a Chinese university and also the first inter-governmental regional institution of space science and technology education in the Asia-Pacific region. Up to now, the center has cultivated a total of 237 master and doctoral students for 24 developing countries in fields of remote sensing and geographical information system, satellite communication, the global navigation satellite system, small satellite technology and space law and policy. It has also organized over 20 short-term training courses, training nearly 1,000 talents from 64 countries.


Reported by Cui Yizhuo
Reviewed by Weng Jinnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:447
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Two 1st, Three 2nd and One 3rd Prizes in Finals of National College Students' Mathematical Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2363.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Two 1st, Three 2nd and One 3rd Prizes in Finals of National College Students' Mathematical Competition
                

                    Release time：April 2, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Six students from Beihang University were honored with awards in the finals of the Tenth National College Students' Mathematical Competition held in Harbin Institute of Technology from March 29 to 31, 2019.

Of Beihang's awards, two 1st prizes in professional mathematics category were won by Chen Yang and Wang Xinyu from the School of Mathematics and Systems Science; Three 2nd prizes in non-professional mathematics category were nabbed by Wang Junan from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Yue Yang and Xue Chunbo from ShenYuan Honors College separately; One 3rd prize in non-professional category went to Chen Yuxuan from the School of Energy and Power Engineering.
Founded in 2009 and sponsored by Chinese Mathematical Society, the National College Students' Mathematical Competition is the highest level mathematics competition for college students in China. It aims to promote the reform and teaching standard of mathematics in colleges and universities, stimulate students’ interest in learning mathematics, and discover and select innovative mathematical talents. Nearly 140,000 people from 784 colleges and universities participated in 31 divisions this year, hitting a history-ever record high. A total of 539 students qualified for the finals after a fierce preliminary competition.

Reported and edited by Ding Ding
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:448
TITLE:Exchange Program between ESCP Europe and Beihang SEM Ends
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2500.htm
TEXT:
Exchange Program between ESCP Europe and Beihang SEM Ends
                

                    Release time：July 17, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, 42 teachers and students from ESCP Europe visted Beihang for the 1st ESCP Europe—School of Economics and Management (SEM), Beihang University Exchange Program for Master’s students about Big Data and Business Analysis. The ESCP group was led by Associate Dean Fabien De Geuser and Director of Big Data and Business Analysis Program Zhou Wei. The program was carefully arranged by Dean Fan Ying, Vice Dean Zhang Renqian, Vice Dean Zheng Haitao, Assistant of Foreign Affairs Hao Jinxing, and other staff of the School of Economics and Management. The program also received support from the Department of Information Systems, Career Development Center, MBA Educational Center, EE Center and other departments. 

Based on the specific requirements of the program, Beihang organized Enterprise Big Data Challenge and invited companies including Baidu Research and SAP SE to give three lectures from the academic and industrial perspectives. The students who joined in the program were also provided with the chance to visit Qihoo 360 Technology Co. Ltd. and Beijing-Hyundai Auto. They experienced Beihang culture and learned about the innovative applications of big data in Chinese enterprises and how to solve problems with big data.
Established in 1819, ESCP Europe is the first business school around the world with campuses in Paris, Berlin, London, Madrid, Turin, and Warsaw. It is one of several schools in the world that obtain the triple accreditation of EQUIS, AACSB and AMBA. It has over 50,000 outstanding alumni from more than 150 countries and more than 4,600 students from over 100 countries.
 
Released by Chen Xing
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:449
TITLE:Classicality and Romance: Cello & Piano Duet by Florian Kitt and Carlos Rivera Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2369.htm
TEXT:
Classicality and Romance: Cello & Piano Duet by Florian Kitt and Carlos Rivera Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：March 22, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the evening of March 21, cellist Florian Kitt and pianist Carlos Rivera performed a classical cello & piano duet at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall, providing a feast for the ears of music lovers.


Accompanying the exponents’ superb skills and diverse musical styles, four classical works—Piano and Cello Sonata in C major, Op. 102, No. 1 by Ludwig van Beethoven, Sonata for Cello and Piano, Op. 4 by Zoltan Kodaly, Sonata for Cello and Piano in D minor by Claude Debussy, and Sonata for Cello and Piano in F Major, Op. 99 by Johannes Brahms—were presented at the concert, bringing extraordinary artistic enjoyment for the viewers. Throughout the whole show, the audience was exposed to an unparalleled exchange of arts, culture and knowledge, and they finally burst into rapturous applause for the players’ exquisite performance and remarkable skills after the show.


As The Daily Telegraph London once commented, “Kitt’s performance was masterly, a blazingly impressive exhibition of really big playing, one which obviously relished the interpretative and technical challenge of the music.” The Strad London also praised Kitt as “one of the best exponents of the contemporary cello repertoire.”

Reported and edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:450
TITLE:Beihang Confers Honorary Professorship to Professor Peter J.G. Teunissen, Fellow of KNAW
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2460.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Confers Honorary Professorship to Professor Peter J.G. Teunissen, Fellow of KNAW
                

                    Release time：September 30, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the afternoon of September 26th, the appointment ceremony of Peter J.G. Teunissen, a professor of Satellite Navigation at Delft University of Technology (Netherlands), as an honorary professor at Beihang University was held. Those who attended the ceremony included Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, Yang Lijun, Dean of the School of Astronautics, Weng Jingnong, Dean of the International School, Dong Yunfeng, Vice Dean of the School of Astronautics, and others. Huang Hai, a professor of the School of Astronautics, presided over the ceremony.
During the ceremony, Vice President Tao issued the letter of appointment to Prof. Teunissen. In his remarks, he extended his gratitude to Prof. Teunissen’s visit and congratulated Professor Teunissen on becoming an Honorary Professor of Beihang University. Prof. Teunissen introduced the Delft University of Technology and hoped to conduct future cooperation with Beihang in the field of scientific research and education.


Prof. Teunissen is a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW), a foreign Fellow of the Deutschen Geodätischen Kommission Akademie der Wissenschaften, and a Fellow of the International Association of Geodesy. He is a world authority on Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) positions and navigation and the inventor of the Least-squares AMBiguity Decorrelation Adjustment (LAMBDA) method for GNSS carrier phase ambiguity resolution. The method innovatively improves the high-precision navigation capability of the satellite navigation system, which has been the industry standard in the field of high-precision satellite navigation.


  
Reported by Sun Xiucong
Edited by Song Chao and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:451
TITLE:International Unmanned System Swarm Technology Competition (IUSC) COLLECTIVE INTELLIGENCE 2023 Opens at Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3512.htm
TEXT:
International Unmanned System Swarm Technology Competition (IUSC) COLLECTIVE INTELLIGENCE 2023 Opens at Beihang University
                

                    Release time：May 15, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On May 7, the International Unmanned System Swarm Technology Competition (IUSC) COLLECTIVE INTELLIGENCE 2023 opened at Beihang University. This event consists of multiple components, including academic exchanges and indoor and outdoor technology competitions, and aims to promote the advancement and innovation of unmanned system swarm intelligence technology by setting up competitions with clear objectives, challenging tasks, and great application value.
During the three-day competition, 14 independent or joint teams from universities, enterprises, and research institutes will compete for several prizes in an indoor simulated earthquake rescue scenario by using their developed intelligent algorithms to make a swarm of multiple UAVs autonomously perform tasks such as collaborative obstacle avoidance and assembly, as well as joint ground search and rescue.

Lin Zuoming, director of the organizing committee of the conference and chairman of the Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics, said that drones are profoundly changing human production methods and economic and social development as they appear in various application scenes in a new light. In the context of the huge development opportunities for general aviation, drones, as a combination of “GA+AI” (general aviation + artificial intelligence), will also become an important strategic development direction.
Tao Zhi, director of the organizing committee and vice president of Beihang University, pointed out that unmanned swarm is an important direction for the development of unmanned systems towards systematization and intelligentization. The innovation and development of this field requires the cross-integration of multiple disciplines, collaborative innovation between academia and industry, and joint efforts to solve the problems of swarm intelligence at various levels such as basic theory, key technology, and engineering application.
At the conference, Beihang's “Unmanned Systems Collective Intelligence Virtual-Real Hybrid Laboratory” was officially inaugurated. The lab covers an area of more than 1,200 square meters equipped with a whole-field high-precision motion capture system, which will support the unmanned swarm of artificial intelligence algorithm learning training and verification evaluation to achieve more significant progress.


Writer: Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:452
TITLE:Six Beihang Scholars Win 2019 National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2242.htm
TEXT:
Six Beihang Scholars Win 2019 National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars
                

                    Release time：December 2, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Six scholars from Beihang University were awarded the 2019 National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars released by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) recently. Beihang ranks 8th among China’s universities of professors whom were selected for the award.
The six winners are Zhao Lidong from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, Pan Bing from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, Ma Shuai from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Han Bangcheng from the School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering, Zhang Yu from the School of Chemistry, and Quan Wei from the Frontier Institute of Science and Technology Innovation.

Zhao Lidong
Zhao Lidong is a professor of the School of Materials Science and Engineering. With research interests focusing on thermoelectric materials, superconductors and materials with low thermal conductivity, he has discovered many high-performance thermoelectric materials including BiCuSeO, SnSe and SnS.

Pan Bing
Pan Bing is a professor in the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering who conducts research mainly on solid mechanics. He has published more than 180 papers, including 115 SCI papers and his research results have been applied in several national major projects.

Ma Shuai
Prof. Ma Shuai is dedicated to the research of big data, database theory and systems and so on, with special focus on approximate computation for big data analytics. He is the only recipient of the best paper award in the 2000 International Conference on Very Large Data Bases (VLDB).

Han Bangcheng
Han Bangcheng is a research fellow of the School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering. He has published 57 SCI papers and obtained 34 patents.

Zhang Yu
Zhang Yu is currently a research fellow of the School of Chemistry as wall as an editor of the journal Chemical Research in Chinese Universities. His research interests mainly focus on advanced materials for hydrogen storage/ production, lithium/sodium ion battery and fuel cells.

Quan Wei
Quan Wei is a professor of the Frontier Institute of Science and Technology Innovation. His research interests include celestial navigation and recently developed atomic inertial sensors based on alkali-metal vapor cell.
The National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars aims to support young scholars who have made significant achievements in basic research to independently choose their research directions for carrying out creative research, so as to promote the growth of young scientific talents, attract overseas talents, as well as foster a group of outstanding academic pacemakers in the forefront of world science and technology.
 
 
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping and Xiong Ting
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:453
TITLE:Sino-French Workshop on Higher Engineering Education Successfully Convened in Hangzhou
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3081.htm
TEXT:
Sino-French Workshop on Higher Engineering Education Successfully Convened in Hangzhou
                

                    Release time：May 24, 2021 / Zheng Quan
                



On May 17 to 18, 2021, the two-days' Sino-French Workshop on Higher Engineering Education, co-sponsored by Beihang University and Groupe des Ecoles Centrales and organized by Hangzhou Innovation Institute and the Sino-French Engineering School of Beihang University, was successfully convened in Yuhang District of Hangzhou.


The workshop was held both online and offline simultaneously and consisted of one main forum and two sub-forums. Higher education professionals from China and France were invited to discuss the new goals, new connotations, new models, and new mechanisms of higher engineering education in the new era, aiming to further deepen the practical cooperation between China and France and add new impetus to the educational cooperation between the two countries.
The main forum was held on May 17 and hosted by Huang Haijun, vice president of Beihang University, and Ma Jinxi, director of the Beihang Sino-French Cooperative School-Running Office (Hangzhou). Mei Jiansheng, member of the standing committee and deputy head of Yuhang District, welcomed the guests and briefed them on Yuhang's advantages in education, science and technology, and industrial innovation. Tian Lulu, deputy secretary general of China Scholarship Council, said in her speech that China and France have extensive cooperation in the field of engineering education. As a pioneer and a model in Sino-French education cooperation, Beihang University has rich practical experience in training high-level international general engineers. Academician Gérard Creuzet, president of the International Campus of the Groupe des Ecoles Centrales, pointed out that Groupe des Ecoles Centrales is actively exploring the future model and mechanism of engineering education, and will work with Beihang University to jointly promote the cultivation of international engineers.
Academician Xu Huibin, president of Beihang University, delivered a keynote report titled “Challenge, Reform and Leadership: Practice, Exploration and Thinking of Higher Engineering Education at Beihang University.” In his report, he elaborated on the new challenges and opportunities brought by the engineering technology and introduced the reform and innoation of Beihang's talent training mode.

Other attendees including Romain Soubeyran, president of CentraleSupélec, Elisabeth Crépon, president of Commission des Titres d'Ingénieur (CTI), Hervé Biausser, former president of CentraleSupélec, Jean-Baptiste Avrillier, director of Centrale Nantes, Jin Baosheng, vice president of Southeastern University, etc., also reported on innovative talent training mode, internationalization strategy of the university, international standard for certification of engineers and other aspects.

At the sub-forums on May 18, presidents and secretaries of the Chinese and French cooperative educational institutions shared their explorations and experience in the process of running schools, and had a profound discussion on the development and evolution of the engineering talent training program. Experts from famous universities and research institutions, such as Tsinghua University, Zhejiang University, École Polytechnique and the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, also gave incisive reports on topics like engineering education, innovation and entrepreneurship.



Reported by Yin Chuantao
Reviewed by Zhang Jiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:454
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Gold Prizes in “FLTRP·ETIC Cup” Translation and Interpreting Competitions Beijing Division
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3643.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Gold Prizes in “FLTRP·ETIC Cup” Translation and Interpreting Competitions Beijing Division
                

                    Release time：November 17, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


From October 28 to 29, the 2023 “FLTRP · ETIC Cup” “Understanding Contemporary China” National Foreign Language Contest for College Students — English Translation and Interpreting Competitions Beijing Division took place in Beijing Foreign Studies University (BFSU). This competition is guided by the Department of Higher Education of Beijing Municipal Education Commission, and sponsored by the Beijing Society of Higher Education, Beijing Colleges and Universities English Language Research Branch, Beijing Colleges and Universities English Language Group, and Foreign Language Teaching and Research Publishing Co., Ltd. Beihang University School of Foreign Languages students Cai Yilin, an undergraduate student majoring in English of Grade 2020, and Hong Minhao, a MTI student of Grade 2023 won the gold medals in Translation Competition under the guidance of Wang Chenshuang and Dun Chao of the Department of Translation; Fu Xinzhu, an undergraduate student majoring in Translation of Grade 2020 and Lu Meili, a master's degree student majoring in Literature of Grade 2022 won the gold medal and silver medal respectively in Interpreting Competition under the guidance of Zheng Wei and Wang Pei.

With the theme "Understanding China and Communicating with the World", this year's contest guides the contestants to deeply understand the core of Xi Jinping's Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era, cultivate their sense of patriotism and global vision, expand their breadth of knowledge and depth of thought, and demonstrate their comprehensive qualities such as foreign language proficiency, intercultural competence, critical thinking and innovative capabilities.
The Academic Affairs Department and the School of Foreign Languages attached great importance to the competition and gave substantial support to it. Under the coordination of Li Meng, the director of the Department of Translation, all the teachers of the department made joint efforts to ensure the fairness of the competition. A total of 231 students from the two campuses of Xueyuan Road campus and Shahe campus applied for the school-level selecting for Translation Contest, among which Cai Yilin and Hong Minhao stood out and won the grand prizes, representing Beihang to participate in the Beijing Division Competition; Fu Xinzhu and Lu Meili had outstanding performances in the school-level selecting for Interpreting Contest and advanced to the Beijing Division Competition. During the preparation process, the instructors led the four students to conduct systematic and intense training and provided many constructive and targeted guidance for them. After the fierce competition held in BFSU, the four students all achieved excellent results, of which three students, Cai Yilin, Hong Minhao and Fu Xinzhu, will represent Beijing to participate in the National Finals.
The School of Foreign Languages has been actively encouraging students to participate in various language and intercultural competitions. The excellent results achieved in this competition reflect the fruitful achievements of the School in integrating the ideological and political education into the teaching of translation and interpreting, and are also a concrete demonstration of the students' superb language skills, critical thinking ability and communication techniques.


Written by: Zhang Xi
Reviewed by: Xiao Hong
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:455
TITLE:Beihang Holds Story Sharing Activity to Celebrate International Women’s Day
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3256.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Story Sharing Activity to Celebrate International Women’s Day
                

                    Release time：March 8, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


On the afternoon of March 5, female teachers and students of Beihang University gathered in the Ruxin Lecture Hall to share the stories of mentoring face to face in celebration of the upcoming International Women's Day.

Among attendees were Tan Hong, member of the leading Party members’ group and vice chairman of Beijing Women's Federation, Song Lijing, chairman of Beijing Education Trade Union, Liu Shuchun, chairman of Beihang Trade Union and vice president of Beihang University, Su Donglin, director of Beihang Women’s Work Committee, and representatives from various departments and schools. A total of more than 80 people attended the event.

At the event, Professor Sun Zhimei, the winner of “March 8th Red-Banner Individual Holder”, Professor Li Hongyi, the winner of “Capital Labor Medal”, and Professor Shen Yingchun, the winner of “Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Award”, interacted with students and teachers and shared their principles of mentoring and stories that happened with their students. Their true emotions fully interpreted the passion for being a “teacher” as well as how to be a guide in the life of the younger generation. The talk was hosted by Professor Hong Guanxin, president of Beihang Women Professors’ Association.



During the interactive session, the participating students also shared “the best mentors in their lives” and how they were influenced and encouraged.


On behalf of all the members of Beijing Women's Federation Party Group and the staff of the Federation, Tan Hong extended greetings to the female teachers and students of Beihang University on the occasion of the festival. She said that in recent years, an increasing number of female teachers have stood out from Beihang University with their commitments to fostering virtue and comprehensive education. She also hoped that all female teachers will strive to be good teachers with ideas and beliefs, moral values, extensive knowledge, and a loving heart, and all female students can be energetic and enterprising, and strive to shoulder the great responsibility of national rejuvenation.

Song Lijing noted that it is of great significance to celebrate International Women’s Day by exchanging stories between female teachers and students. These touching stories, advanced practices and excellent experiences of outstanding female teachers can encourage women working in different fields to make more contributions and lead them towards a brighter future.

In his address, Liu Shuchun stressed that the harmonious teacher-student relationship is the key to the positive development of students and also the core of the professional ethics of teachers. The female teachers and students of Beihang University are the indispensable force for the construction and development of theuniversity.

The year 2022 marks the 70th anniversary of the founding of Beihang University, Su Donglin issued an initiative to all female teachers and students, hoping that all the female teachers and students of Beihang University will cherish the opportunity of this golden era, shoulder the glorious mission, devote their youth to the great cause of national development, and achieve a brilliant life together with Beihang's march forward in the journey.

Through experience sharing, story telling, interaction and communication, this activity, as a part of the “Month of Caring for Female Faculty” series activities, aims to show the spirit of Beihang female teachers in devoting themselves to educating people for the Party and the country, promote the emotional integration between female teachers and students, and arouse the deep thinking of female teachers and students on tutor-student relationships.




Reported by Wang Qing and Wang Xingge
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:456
TITLE:Academician Pan Jianwei Lectures on New Quantum Revolution
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2371.htm
TEXT:
Academician Pan Jianwei Lectures on New Quantum Revolution
                

                    Release time：March 19, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


The successful launch of the world's first quantum-enabled satellite “Mozi” marks a new era of Chinese space science in which China leads the world in wide-area quantum communication technology. As the chief scientist of the project, Pan Jianwei, Academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences and Professor of University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) lectured on “New Quantum Revolution: From Experimental Tests of Quantum Mechanics to Quantum Communication Technology” at Yongman Theatre on March 13. Liu Zhongfan, Standing Committee Member of the 13th CPPCC, Wang Yunpeng, Vice President of Beihang University and many other distinguished politicians and scholars were present. The lecture was hosted by Yao Yangping, Director of Beihang Library and Dean of Shijia College.

Pan addressing the audience on the stage
In his speech, Wang Yunpeng stressed the importance of science and technology in economic development and social progress by quoting what President Xi Jinping said, “The impact of science and technology on a country's future and the people's wellbeing has never been so profound as today.”
During the lecture, Academician Pan explained how quantum mechanics brought about the second scientific revolution and boosted new industry transformation by introducing national strategic overviews for quantum information science proposed by different countries. He also presented previous achievements and the latest development in China’s long-distance quantum communications. As for the future of quantum physics, Pan Jianwei believed that a global quantum communication network based on satellites and fiber optic networks was expected to be built to ensure the country’s information security. “It can be predicted that a second quantum revolution led by quantum communication is bound to push forward the advancement of human civilization. It is also an opportunity for China to prove itself as a leader rather than a follower in the era of information technology.” His splendid speech received thunderous applause from the audience.

Academician Pan giving the lecture
In the panel discussion session, Wang Ziteng, a student from Shijia college had in-depth talks with Academician Pan on how to conduct scientific research on the stage. At the end of the discourse, Wang Yunpeng awarded Pan Jianwei with the certificate of honor for delivering a lecture as part of the Beihang Lecture Program.

The panel discussion session

Wang Yunpeng awarded Pan Jianwei with the certificate
The auditorium was packed with more than 500 students and faculty members. The audience spoke highly of the lecture and considered it as a rewarding and inspiring experience.

The audience
Pan Jianwei is a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the Austrian Academy of Sciences and the World Academy of Sciences. He also serves as Director of Innovation Center for Quantum Information and Quantum Physics and Chief Scientist of the world's first quantum satellite project. As a pioneer and leading scientist in quantum science, he specializes in quantum optics, quantum information and experimental testing of basic principles in quantum mechanics.
Pan contributes greatly to the quantum control. In particular, his innovative achievements in the field of quantum make experimental quantum information science one of the fastest-growing branches of physics. He has received numerous prizes and titles like Fresnel Prize, Beller Lectureship, International Quantum Communication Award, Willis E. Lamb Award, the Newcomb Cleveland Prize, and the first prize in China's State Natural Science Award.

Group photo of guests and leaders

Reported by Shao Yinghua
Photographed by Lu Shujun
Reviewed by Ma Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:457
TITLE:4th Psychological Situation Drama Contest Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2229.htm
TEXT:
4th Psychological Situation Drama Contest Held
                

                    Release time：December 20, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


The 4th Psychological Situation Drama Contest took place at Yongman Theatre of Shahe Campus on the evening of December 14, attracting more than 500 teachers and students. 

“Combining psychology and drama, we have held the Psychological Situation Drama Contest annually as a stage for psychological education since 2016. The knowledge of psychology is more vividly and profoundly imparted to the audience in the form of contest entries than the traditional classroom education,” said the instructor of the contest from the Positive Psychological Experience Center of Beihang University.
During the contest, six dramas represented vividly the challenges faced by university students and the metamorphoses they may undergo in the process of self-exploration and growth from different perspectives. “Again” adopted a magical expression technique of travelling back in time, telling people to cherish the present instead of sighing for the past. “The Present and Future” showed how a girl’s heart was saved in stories happening in parallel universes. “Nothing Different” is a comedy discussing the similarities and differences among human beings seriously. “Nobody” depicted the twists and turns in the mind of the protagonist, who at first pursued prominence excessively but realized the extraordinary part of the ordinary life in the end. “Journey” thoroughly illustrated the psychology of a patient with depression and emphasized the effect of company in mental healing. “Thief” expounded on the harm of emotional abuse at school and warned people not to underestimate the hidden malice.

All the dramas were created, directed and performed by the students, who integrated the knowledge of psychology into the scripts under the guidance of professional teachers. With careful arrangement of lighting, impressive sound effect and the artistic technique of symbolization, these dramas illustrated the deep motivations and aspirations of contemporary university students in daily life and spread valid knowledge about mental health and psychological intervention methods. They received warm response and applause from the audience.

“Spending one moment laughing and the next crying — I think that is the charm of psychological drama”, “So true”, “I was in the darkness but tonight I see the light”...These were the real-time feedback for the performances from the audience flying over the screen of the theater.

“It is such a feast for eyes and ears! I think Beihang leads the capital city in psychological dramasand today I was really moved by the performances,” said Prof. Tian Baowei, Vice President and Secretary-General of Mental Quality Education Institute of the Beijing Association of Higher Education as well as Director of Mental Quality Education and Counselling Center of Beijing Jiaotong University.
“I consider these stories as both touching and professional. Their multi-layered depiction of patients with depression is particularly real,” said Dr. Liu Haihua, Director of Student Counseling and Mental Health Center of Peking University. Other invited experts in psychology from a dozen of universities also recognized the value of the six dramas from different angles.

“Beihang’s new approach of mental health education is to enlighten students with art under the guidance of positive psychology so as to cultivate positive mental traits in students and tapping their potential. Exploring this approach, we have shifted our focus from problems to development and potential, from the minority to all, and from passive orientation to active experience, aiming to achieve a healthy mental state of self-esteem, confidence, rationality, mildness and positivity and facilitate the coordinated development of mentalstrengthand moral qualities as well as scientific and cultural literacy in students,” said Ma Xiting, Director of the Positive Psychological Experience Center of Beihang University.
“We have been working on the Campus Psychological Drama Project since 2016. This much-loved innovative project has become a major brand of psychology inside and outside the university, bringing good educational effects and attracting wide participation from students. Therefore, we are really grateful to school leaders for their great support and to students for their active participation, and the contributions and professional guidance provided by teachers of the center are also highly appreciated.”
It was noticed that leaders from some schools, Labor Union, Security Department, the Department of Student Affairs and the Division of Graduate Affairs Management of Graduate School came to watch the dramas. As they immersed themselves in the stories together with the students among the audience and sympathized with the student performers, the teachers’ and students’ hearts were much closer.

The contest was hosted by the Positive Psychological Experience Center of Beihang University and organized by Beihang Student Psychology Association. Since early September, it has gone through the stages of planning, publicizing, training and the preliminary. 27 teams signed up for the contest and 10 of them were selected to compete in the first round, after which six made it to the final.
The Campus Psychological Drama Project has become a feature and highlight of the positive mental health education of Beihang University. Beihang has dispatched teachers to learn about psychological drama and drama therapy and actively participated in Beijing University Psychological Situation Drama Contest, in which it won three first prizes. Organized by the university, Beihang students has created over 60 short psychological dramas and staged two original long ones, “Redemption at the Edge” and “Cooled Smile”, which are much welcomed and praised by teachers and students.


Reported by Li Weihua
Photographed by Song Chao
Reviewed by Dong Zhuoning
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:458
TITLE:Science Lecture “Peaceful Use of Space Station” Held Both Online and Offline
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3403.htm
TEXT:
Science Lecture “Peaceful Use of Space Station” Held Both Online and Offline
                

                    Release time：November 18, 2022 / Liang Xiaochun
                


On November 10th, the World Science Day for Peace and Development, Prof. He Linshu, a member of lecture group of Beihang University Association of Senior Professors (BHASP), gave a popular science lecture on the theme of “Peaceful Use of Space Station” to professors, students and science enthusiasts, introducing the history of China space station and looking forward to the development prospects of open cooperation.

The lecture was held at Beihang International School in a combination of online live stream and offline interaction. It was co-sponsored by the BHASP and the Regional Centre for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific (China) (Affiliated to the United Nations) (RCSSTEAP for short), with the full support of the China Organizing Committee of the International Week of Science and Peace. Chen Yixiong, Deputy Director and Secretary-General, and Zhang Dong, Asistant Secretary General of the China Organizing Committee of the International Week of Science and Peace, the head of BHASP, the head of Beihang Air and Space Museum, and representatives of international students from various countries studying at Beihang International School attended the event. Professor Weng Jingnong, Dean of Beihang International School and Executive Director of the RCSSTEAP, presided over the lecture.
Prof. He Linshu introduced the origin, background and purpose of the World Science Day for Peace and Development. Following that, he popularized the basic knowledge of space station to the students, introduced the composition of Chinese space station and its building history, explained the space environment of the space station, interpreted microgravity science experiments and space observation science experiments, and looked forward to the international cooperation and the future of Chinese space station. The lecture was rigorous, practical, informative and easy to understand.

In the interactive session, some international students asked about the launch rocket technology and the operation and maintenance technology of China space station, etc. The students all said that they benefited greatly from Prof. He’s lecture. They had a new awareness of the development of the exploration of aerospace and the China space station, and had a preliminary understanding of Chinese scientists’ continuous efforts to overcome difficulties on the road of achieving self-reliance and self-improvement of high-level science and technology. They were determined to study hard, chase the dream of the universe and explore the unknown.
Chen Yixiong said that 2022 is the International Year of Basic Science for Sustainable Development, and this week marks the UN International Week of Science and Peace, which has been held for 34 years. November 10 is also the World Science Day for Peace and Development. It is of great significance to hold this lecture on this special day at Beihang University, the first institution of higher education in aeronautics and astronautics in China. Beihang has made outstanding contributions to the cultivation of talent in various fields of the country. He called on countries around the world to cooperate and contribute to building a community with a shared future for mankind.

On behalf of the China Organizing Committee of the International Week of Science and Peace, Chen Yixiong presented certificates of honor to Professor He Linshu, BHASP and RCSSTEAP. He thanked Professor He and BHASP for their long-term participation in the cultivation of aerospace talent, and presented to the RCSSTEAP a calligraphy work titled “Ode to Peace” written by his own hand.

On behalf of the RCSSTEAP, Prof. Weng presented souvenirs to Prof. Chen Yixiong and Prof. Zheng Yanliang, Executive Vice President of BHASP.

Professor Zheng Yanliang delivered an impromptu speech, in which he said that the lecture group of BHASP would, as always, do a good job in science lectures and popular science lectures, and continue to make efforts for the university's talent cultivation.
It is reported that nearly 300 people watched the lecture online through the Tencent Conference. The event was commented as a well-organized and excellent lecture.

Since its establishment 12 years ago, especially in recent years, the lecture group of BHASP has held popular science lectures for more than 200 times each year. In the principle of popularizing scientific knowledge and improving scientific literacy, they highlight ideological and political guidance, vigorously promote the spirit of science and scientists, stimulate scientific dreams, create an atmosphere of innovation, and contribute to the improvement of young teachers and students’ scientific literacy and the realization of high-level scientific and technological self-reliance.



Reported by Wang Jing
Photographed by Chen Jiaheng
Reviewed by Zha Guoqing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:459
TITLE:Five Professors and Four Alumni of Beihang Elected CAS and CAE Members
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3646.htm
TEXT:
Five Professors and Four Alumni of Beihang Elected CAS and CAE Members
                

                    Release time：November 24, 2023 / Han Xu
                


On November 22, the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE) announced their list of newly elected members. Beihang professors Jiang Chengbao, Guo Lei, Tao Zhi, Cao Jinbin and Jiao Zongxia，and alumni Xin Wanqing, Feng Zhihai, Li Dong and Liu Yongquan have been honored as this year’s newest members.

Jiang Chengbao, CAS academician
Jiang Chengbao, a professor at the School of Materials Science and Engineering, received a Bachelor's degree in Casting from Hefei University of Technology in 1990, a Master's degree in Casting from University of Science and Technology Beijing (USTB) in 1993, and a Ph.D. in Metal Materials and Heat Treatment from USTB in 1996. He is currently the Dean of the School of Materials Science and Engineering at Beihang University and serves as the Executive Director of the Chinese Materials Research Society.
Professor Jiang has long been engaged in the research on functional regulation, material preparation, and engineering applications of high-performance magnetic materials. He proposed a new mechanism for the magnetostriction effect on a heterogeneous nanostructure and invented large-strain iron-based giant magnetostrictive materials, solved important problems of narrow temperature range and non-corrosion resistance of rare earth giant magnetostrictive materials, and developed high-performance rare earth giant magnetostrictive crystal materials. He also invented high-temperature-resistant and high-performance rare earth permanent magnet materials. The high-performance magnetostrictive materials have been widely used. Jiang has published more than 300 academic papers, authorized more than 40 national invention patents, and won teaching and research awards such as the first prize of National Technology Invention Award, the second prize of National Natural Science Award, the first prize of Provincial and Ministerial Technology Invention Award, and the first prize of Beijing Municipal Teaching Achievement Award.

Guo Lei, CAS academician
Guo Lei, a professor at the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, received his Ph.D. from Southeast University in 1997. He is currently a Fellow of IEEE and IET, a member of the Chinese Association of Automation and the China Association of Inventions, and the Director of the Navigation Guidance and Control Professional Committee of the Chinese Society of Automation.
Professor Guo has been committed to the research on anti-interference control theory and its application. He established theoretical methods such as anti-disturbance control theory for systems with multiple disturbances and broke through key technologies in autonomous navigation and control systems for multiple aircraft. He has published six academic monographs and more than 420 SCI/EI papers, and authorized more than 120 invention patents. He has won scientific and technological awards such as the first prize of National Natural Science Award, the second prize of National Technology Invention Award, the first prize of Technology Invention Award at the provincial and ministerial level, the first prize of Ministry of Education Natural Science Award, the first prize of Ministry of Education Technology Invention Award, and the National Innovation Promotion Award.

Tao Zhi, CAS academician
Tao Zhi, a professor at the School of Energy and Power Engineering, is currently a standing committee member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, Vice President of Beihang University, national leading talent, editor-in-chief of Propulsion & Power Research and Journal of Aerospace Power, and a member of the discipline evaluation group of the State Council.
Professor Tao has long been engaged in the research on the theoretical and technological aspects of airflow and heat transfer in aviation engines and high-efficiency cooling methods and technologies. He has won two second prizes of the National Technology Invention Award, two first prizes of the Provincial and Ministerial Science and Technology Progress Award, one first prize of the Ministry of Education Technology Invention Award, and one first prize of the Natural Science Award of the Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics. He has authorized more than 44 invention patents and written four monographs. He is also the leader of a national-level teaching team. He won the second prize of National Teaching Achievement Award.

Cao Jinbin, CAS academician
Cao Jinbin, a professor at the School of Space and Environment, received his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees from the University of Science and Technology of China in 1986 and 1989, respectively, and his Ph.D. degree from the University of Toulouse III in France in 1996. He is currently the Dean of the School of Space and Environment, Vice Chairman of the Chinese Society of Space Science, an academician of the International Academy of Astronautics (IAA), and the Deputy Director of the Teaching Steering Committee of Geophysics of the Ministry of Education.
Professor Cao has devoted himself to the research on magnetospheric physics and space exploration technology. He has made pioneering contributions to the energy release, transport, and dissipation of the magnetosphere, non-thermal escape of planetary (cometary) atmospheres, and detection of space magnetic field fluctuations. As the co-chairman of the scientific working committee of the Double Star Mission, a scientific satellite cooperation program between China and Europe, he was jointly responsible for payload proposal and total satellite system demonstration, and made important contributions to the approval and smooth implementation of the Double Star Mission. He has won awards such as the Outstanding Contribution Award of the Cluster Satellite by the European Space Agency, the Outstanding Contribution Award of the China-Europe Cluster Collaboration and Dual Star Project, and the Laurels Award of the International Academy of Astronautics.

Jiao Zongxia, CAE academician
Jiao Zongxia, a professor at the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, received his Ph.D. from Zhejiang University in 1991 and was a visiting professor at Hamburg University of Technology in Germany in 2000. He is currently the responsible professor of Mechanical Electronics Engineering discipline, Director of the Onboard System Innovation Center, and Dean of Beihang University Ningbo Innovation Research Institute.
Professor Jiao has long been engaged in the research of aircraft onboard electromechanical systems and flight control systems, and has achieved many original results in electro-hydraulic control theory and core components, solving problems such as high-reliability hydraulic systems, servo actuators, high-safety braking, and aircraft testing, winning two second prizes of the National Technology Invention Award, one second prize of the National Science and Technology Progress Award, and three first prizes of the Provincial and Ministerial Science and Technology Progress Award. He has authorized more than 80 national invention patents, published more than 400 papers in SCI journals, with a total citation of more than 3,000 times. He has been selected as a highly cited Chinese researcher by Elsevier for four consecutive years. Jiao won the Ho Leung Ho Lee Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress in 2016 and the National Award for Excellence in Innovation in 2020.

Xin Wanqing, CAS academician
Xin Wanqing received his Bachelor's, Master's and Ph. D. degrees from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University in 1983, 1987 and 1989, respectively. He currently works at the First Research Institute of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation.

Feng Zhihai, CAE academician
Feng Zhihai, receiving his Bachelor’s degree from the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Beihang University in 1982, now works at the Institute of Aerospace Materials and Processing Technology.

Li Dong, CAE academician
Li Dong graduated from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering of Beihang University with a Bachelor’s degree in 1985 and a Ph.D. from the School of Astronautics in 2012. He works at the First Research Institute of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation.

Liu Yongquan, CAE academician
Liu Yongquan, graduating from the School of Energy and Power Engineering of Beihang University with a Master’s degree in 1987 and a Ph.D. in 2012, now works at the Shenyang Aeroengine Research Institute of China Aviation Engine Group Corporation.


Reviewed by: Li Jianwei
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Han Xu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:460
TITLE:2020 Spring Festival Annual Meeting of Beihang University Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2216.htm
TEXT:
2020 Spring Festival Annual Meeting of Beihang University Held
                

                    Release time：January 18, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On the afternoon of January 15, the 2020 Spring Festival Annual Meeting of Beihang University was held at Ruxin Conference Center to celebrate the lunar New Year and to discuss future plans of the university. Over 200 people gathered together at the center, including university leaders, guests of honor, alumni and representatives of teachers and students.

The meeting

The meeting
Among the guests were Du Yubo, President of China Association of Higher Education and the former Vice Minister and Deputy Secretary of CPC Leading Group of the Ministry of Education; Zhang Jun, President of Beijing Institute of Technology; Li Qiang, Deputy Director of the Student Affairs Department of the Ministry of Education; Li Chengwei, Deputy Director of Economic Department of State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense; Li Junfeng, Deputy Secretary of the working committee of the CPC Beijing Municipal Education Committee; representatives of the retirees, teachers as well as students and so on.

The meeting
Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin delivered her Spring Festival speech, in which she extended her sincere gratitude and best wishes to all leaders, faculty, alumni and friends caring for and supporting Beihang University.

Secretary Cao delivered the Spring Festival speech
At the meeting, Secretary Cao reviewed the experience of development and construction of Beihang University in the previous year. Over the past year, Beihang has made outstanding achievements as evidenced by three newly-elected academicians and the highest honor won at the 16th “Challenge Cup” Contest. She expressed wishes to the celebration honoring 70th anniversary of the People’s Republic of China. “2020 marks the completion of a moderately prosperous society in all aspects and is the decisive year of poverty-alleviation. Beihang will take the opportunity to play its role in the building of the Double First-Class University Project and adhere to the mission of cultivating talents and serving the nation,” Secretary Cao said.
Du Yubo, President of China Association of Highest Education and the former Vice Minister and Deputy Secretary of CPC Leading Group of the Ministry of Education, addressed the audience. He recognized the development achievements Beihang made and expressed his expectations of Beihang. Du Yubo expected that the university will continue to cultivate talents with more concrete measures, build a high-quality faculty team with broader horizons and promote the building of the first-class university with higher standards in this new year.

Du Yubo delivered the speech
President Xu Huibin on behalf of the university expressed his gratitude to the leaders, the current and former faculty and staff members, alumni at home and abroad and friends from all walks of life, who have always been supporting the development of Beihang University. He recognized the achievements of Beihang University in the fields of talent cultivation, scientific research, social work, culture inheritance and innovation. He said that the coming year will be a year of challenges as well as opportunities. All Beihangers should identify where they are and where they are going, and strive for one common mission with more determination, confidence and perseverance.

President Xu Huibin delivered a speech
During the meeting, a vast array of performances were staged by Beihang art troupe, faculty representatives, the retirees and Kindergarten of Beihang University, creating a strong festive atmosphere.

Beihang Student Traditional Instruments Orchestra performed on the stage

Children from Beihang Kindergarten performed on the stage

Faculty representatives performed on the stage

Faculty representatives performed on the stage

Representatives of the retirees performed on the stage

The chorus of “My People, My Country” was staged


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu and Xiao Zhe
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:461
TITLE:Beihang Team Wins 1st Prize in National Intelligent Micro Drone Challenge
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2246.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Wins 1st Prize in National Intelligent Micro Drone Challenge
                

                    Release time：November 25, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


A team from Beihang University won the first prize in the contest of precise flight through targets at the 2019 National Intelligent Micro Drone Challenge held from November 16 to 17 at Beijing General Aviation Industry Base in Pinggu District.
The team consisted of three teachers (Li Dawei, Yang Jiong and Li Hongguang) and four graduate students (Feng Yongchao, Li Zhanbo, Li Xuanye and Tian Yuhao) from the Unmanned System Institute. They won the prize after several rounds of fierce competition for their technological advantages in terms of flight control and machine vision showed in the contest, which required the drones to fly autonomously through a fixed ring target, a randomly located ring target and a square target moving in a parallel direction with a speed of over 7m/s.

A group photo of the Beihang team
Besides the contest of high-speed precise flight through targets, the Challenge also comprised the contest of intelligent flight and the exhibition of technological achievements. With the theme of “micro size, intelligence and innovation”, the contest aims at promoting the development of intelligent drones, arousing the enthusiasm for developing cutting-edge key technologies among social entities and enhancing the wide application of micro drones in unfamiliar indoor environments.
Under the guidance of the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST), the Challenge was held by Torch High Technology Industry Development Center of MOST, the Management Board of Zhongguancun Science Park and the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defence. It attracted nearly 30 teams from universities, research institutions and drone enterprises.


Reported by Li Hongguang and Li Dawei
Reviewed by Wang Yangzhu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:462
TITLE:New Semester Begins as Scheduled at Beihang, 719 Courses Start Smoothly on the First Day
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/2932.htm
TEXT:
New Semester Begins as Scheduled at Beihang, 719 Courses Start Smoothly on the First Day
                

                    Release time：March 3, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


On March 1, with drizzle and snow, the teachers and students of Beihang University who had returned to campus ushered on the first day of the spring semester. The 2021 spring semester started as scheduled.




At 7 o’clock sharp in the morning, the 2021 spring semester national flag-raising ceremony was held simultaneously on the two campuses. The five-star red flag rose slowly with the national anthem, and the new semester officially kicked off.




A total of 596 undergraduate courses and 123 postgraduate courses of Beihang University opened on time on the first day. 11,463 undergraduates and 1,927 postgraduates started their first class as scheduled.











Abiding by the regulations of epidemic prevention and control in universities, Beihang is actively implementing the normalized epidemic prevention and control measures and has well prepared for students’ return. Students have begun to return to campus in an orderly manner since February 23th.







Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Wang Zhen, Zhang Xiuhui, Duan Jiayi and Jin Hui
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:463
TITLE:Beihang Art Gallery Launches Exhibition of Bird-and-Flower Paintings
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3641.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Art Gallery Launches Exhibition of Bird-and-Flower Paintings
                

                    Release time：November 14, 2023 / Han Xu
                


On November 8, an exhibition entitled “Vividness in the Era — Bird-and-Flower Painting Exhibition of China National Academy of Painting” kicked off at the Beihang Art Gallery. Jointly launched by Beihang University and Art Development Center of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, the exhibition showcased nearly 100 works by representative bird-and-flower painters from the senior, middle-aged, and younger generations, providing a vivid aesthetic experience for teachers and students.

Cheng Bo, Deputy Party Secretary of Beihang University, attended the opening ceremony and delivered a speech. He stated that Beihang incorporates artistic education into the entire process of talent cultivation to construct a distinctive art-technology integration-based education system, strengthening students’ consciousness of cultural identity and dedication to the aerospace industry. He hoped that the exhibition would promote the dissemination of excellent traditional Chinese culture and nurture a high-quality campus culture.
Qiao Yinan, Deputy Director of Art Development Center of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, expressed the aspiration to cooperate with Beihang and the painters to offer more top-quality aesthetic resources to students.
Yu Wenjiang, Vice President of China National Academy of Painting, extended warm congratulations on the opening of the exhibition and introduced three distinctive features of the works: representative, large-scale, and theme-oriented. Artist representative Chen Peng pointed out that the collection vividly exemplified the development and exploration of bird-and-flower paintings in contemporary China. He believed that the exhibition would play a significant role in the aesthetic education in Beihang.



During the exhibition, the “Beauty of Art and Science” Academic Forum and Aesthetic Education Lecture was held at the Sunrise Concert Hall. Members of Chinese art institutions and master artists delivered keynote lectures and more than 400 teachers and students attended.

The exhibition will last until November 17, during which Beihang will also carry out expert lectures on aesthetic education to further help teachers and students appreciate outstanding bird-and-flower paintings and profound traditional Chinese culture, and obtain an insight of the unique charm of art and technology.



Written by: Gao Rui
Photos by: Di Bailu, Zhang Yuhan
Reviewed by: Wang Qun
Edited by: Jia Aiping, Han Xu
Translated by: Han Xu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:464
TITLE:Flash Mob Held at Beihang to Celebrate Chinese Lunar New Year
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3249.htm
TEXT:
Flash Mob Held at Beihang to Celebrate Chinese Lunar New Year
                

                    Release time：February 7, 2022 / Lyu Xingyun
                


In celebration of the Chinese New Year, the teachers and students of Beihang University gathered spontaneously and sang the Chinese song “Ling Hang” at a flash mob event on campus on New Year's Eve.

Gathering on the bridge of Green Garden, in Beijing Air and Space Museum at Beihang University, in front of the Concert Hall, and on the second floor of New Main Building, the teachers and students paid tribute to the great Communist Party of China and the great era with this patriotic song, expressing Beihangers’ dedication to the country over the past 70 years.




More than 400 people including Beihang President Xu Huibin, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo, Academician Wang Jun from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, Academician Su Donglin from the School of Electronics and Information Engineering, Executive Vice Chairman of Beihang Trade Union Cheng Wenhao, Professor Chen Zhiying from the Research Institute of Aero-engine, Professor Yang Chao from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, Professor Song Ningfang from the School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering, Professor Zhang Wenjin from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, etc., attended the event.





“The new journey in the new era is inspiring. Beihang will continue to take the serving of the country as its highest value, carry forward the spirit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics, and strive to cultivate more new talents who will take on the great task of national rejuvenation,” said President Xu.

The event was broadcasted by CCTV News, Morning News, News 30', Live News Room and other news platforms.



Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:465
TITLE:Spring Semester Begins Online
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2209.htm
TEXT:
Spring Semester Begins Online
                

                    Release time：February 24, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


At this critical time of COVID-19 outbreak, Beihang University has decided to adjust the teaching schedule for the spring semester in 2020 by providing online courses to ensure minimized disruption to teaching and learning. On Feb. 24, the new semester began as scheduled as faculty and students logged in for the first day of online classes.
Leaders of Beihang University watched live streaming and recorded videos of courses provided by the university on the platform of Tencent Class and listened to reports on preparations for undergraduate and graduate students’ online teaching by Cao Qinghua, Director of the Office of Academic Affairs, and Liu Tiegang, Deputy Dean of the Graduate School, respectively.


University leaders watched live streaming and recorded videos of courses

A live streaming online course provided by Shui Hengyong of Flying College

Students were taking online classes at home
Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin and President Xu Huibin recognized the efforts made by teachers and expected them to keep improving their teaching methods. The leaders also visited a recording classroom to see the recording of courses.

Secretary Cao and President Xu recognized the efforts made by teachers

Chang Qing, a teacher of the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, was recording an online lecture at the recording classroom
2,188 courses for undergraduates and 891 courses for graduate students will be taught online this semester in various forms, including recorded videos, MOOC, learning materials, live streaming and so on. To achieve better effects, the teachers adopt a diversity of tools, such as Course Center of Beihang University, Tencent Class, MOOC platforms, WeChat groups and AnyShare (Beihang cloud storage and file-sharing service).
 
 
Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Liu Quqi and Wang Qing
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:466
TITLE:Beihang Student Wins Award for Outstanding Contributions to Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3275.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Student Wins Award for Outstanding Contributions to Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics
                

                    Release time：April 11, 2022 / Liang Xiaochun
                


On April 8, a gathering to honor those who have made outstanding contributions to the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games and the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games was held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. President Xi Jinping, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, attended and delivered an important speech at the gathering.

Premier Li Keqiang presented Li Haitao, an undergraduate student from the School of Electronic Information Engineering of Beihang University, with the certificate of “Advanced Individual with Outstanding Contributions to Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics”. A total of 148 people nationwide have been honored with this title, while only five of them are volunteers.
Li Haitao is a member of Beihang volunteers for the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games. He has won more than 50 honors such as National Scholarship, Outstanding Student Cadre of Beijing, and ShenYuan Medal. He has rich volunteer service experience, including services and support for celebration activities of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China and the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.

As the volunteer backbone of this Winter Olympics, he participated in the recruitment, training and security of 428 volunteers over the past two years. Besides, he also took part in organizing more than 10 trainings such as emergency rescue and field reconnaissance, and held over 20 Winter Olympics events that covered 5,000 audience with his team members. During the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, he purchased, customized, delivered and distributed more than 20,000 supplies for volunteers.
As a volunteer assistant, Li Haitao and his team members did their best to solve problems. He and his partners visited the venue repeatedly to learn about the working conditions and job characteristics of over 200 volunteers at more than 30 sites in 18 fields, and they also sent birthday wishes to volunteers, organized and planned 8 theme activities on Spring Festival, Lantern Festival and so on.
He collected and followed up the service, epidemic prevention, meals, logistics and other basic information of 320 volunteers for 45 consecutive days. Moreover, he insisted on patrolling at minus 30 degrees Celsius and delivering support supplies to ensure the volunteer services for the Winter Olympics and Paralympics with high quality. He became a typical representative of the “Xuefeiyan” volunteer team, and was reported by some mainstream media such as China Media Group and BRTV.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:467
TITLE:History Museum of Beihang University Unveiled
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3392.htm
TEXT:
History Museum of Beihang University Unveiled
                

                    Release time：October 28, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


On October 24, one day before the university's 70th anniversary, the History Museum of Beihang University was opened officially. Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi and Liu Shuchun, and Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo, attended the opening ceremony. The ceremony was presided over by Cheng Bo.

Secretary Zhao Changlu and President Wang Yunpeng inaugurated the museum together, marking the official opening of History Museum of Beihang University.

Secretary Zhao Changlu extended his grateful thanks to the elder leaders, seniors, and alumni as well as students, faculty and staff, and volunteers who participated in the building of the museum in his speech. He noted that Beihang University, as New China’s first university of aeronautics and astronautics, has always been following the instructions and guidance of the Party in cultivating talent for economic development and construction of the national defense. Learning and summarizing the history of the past 70 years, passing on and carrying forward the experience of teaching and governing, and building a first-class history museum of the university have always been important issues and projects that the university Party committee focused on.

Secretary Zhao also pointed out “studying history will make us aware of the belief and provide some hints and different understandings for present and future growth”. He stressed that all Beihangers shall stick to the spirit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics as the core values, and learn and implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress. It is also asked to take advantage of the museum in educating students on the university history as a practice of Beihang to promote learning histories of the Party, New China, the reform and opening-up, and socialist development.
President Wang Yunpeng issued the certificates for the first 23 voluntary narrators recruited by the museum from the whole university in order to better publicize the history through telling Beihang's stories and passing on the spirit of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics.

Volunteer Liu Xu, a postgraduate from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, said that he felt extremely proud to be a narrator to learn and relate the history of Beihang. He promised to follow the lead of the Party in the future and contribute to the modernization of the country, and determined to be a good youth in the new era who has ideals, dares to take on responsibilities, can bear hardships, and is willing to struggle.
In his speech, Prof. Zheng Yanliang, a member of the expert advisory group for the museum construction, said that during his 50 years of study and work at Beihang, he has personally experienced and witnessed the reform and development of the university step by step. Some retired senior teachers and leaders have made outstanding results in talent cultivation and discipline designing, which is his pride and joy. He hoped that Beihang can achieve spectacular success in the pursuit of building a world-class university with Chinese characteristics.

The Party Committee of Beihang has strengthened the study of the university's history and promoted the construction of the history museum. It is reported that in August 2021, Beihang set up a special working group for building the history museum of the university. In May 2022, the university fully promoted the exhibition of the museum of history in the Run Run Shaw Science Museum which has been renovated lately. After nearly half a year of construction, a fine exhibition hall with distinct topics and rich meanings was presented.

The exhibition hall covers a total area of nearly 4,500 square meters, with a sculpture of “serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics” on the patio. The first floor exhibits some scientific and technological achievements with “four orientations” as the main thread, showing the fruitful result of sci-tech self-reliance and self-strengthening at higher levels. The second to the fourth floors record and display the history of Beihang through more than 1,500 pictures and 300 pieces of objects, unfolding the journey of Beihang in serving the country for seven decades and pursuing a world-class level in a new era. The fifth floor is an art gallery.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:468
TITLE:Springer Publishes English Academic Monograph Biomechanics of Injury and Prevention by Prof. Fan Yubo and Prof. Wang Lizhen
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3353.htm
TEXT:
Springer Publishes English Academic Monograph Biomechanics of Injury and Prevention by Prof. Fan Yubo and Prof. Wang Lizhen
                

                    Release time：August 24, 2022 / Liang Xiaochun
                


Recently, the English academic monograph Biomechanics of Injury and Prevention, edited by Prof. Fan Yubo and Prof. Wang Lizhen of Beihang University, was published with Springer, an internationally renowned academic publisher.

Injuries to various parts of the body often occur in aerospace, traffic, sports, and in everyday life, which may result in high rates of disability and even mortality.
Biomechanics is a cross-discipline that applies mechanics theory and method to study physiological activities of human body. Biomechanics of Injury and Prevention focuses on the study of injury mechanism and protection methods, injury tolerance, diagnostic/therapeutic methods, and prevention measures of biological tissues or organs.
The team relied on 14 provincial and ministerial research platforms, including Key Laboratory of Biomechanics and Mechanobiology of Ministry of Education and Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering, and completed the compilation of this book with the support of the Science Fund for Creative Research Groups of the National Natural Science Foundation of China, National Defense Foundation, and National Natural Science Foundation of China Youth Fund. This book introduces the team’s latest advances in the field of biomechanics of Injury and Prevention, covering injury biomechanical mechanism, diagnostic/therapeutic methods, injury tolerance, and prevention mechanism and methods.
Professor Ahmed Elsheikh, an internationally renowned expert in biomechanics and Dean of the School of Engineering from University of Liverpool, UK, wrote a preface to this book, in which he recognized and appreciated the outstanding academic contributions made by the editorial team in the field of biomechanics of Injury and Prevention.
Link to the monograph：https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-981-16-4269-2


Reported by Yang Xianda
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:469
TITLE:Team of Prof. Geng Lisheng Makes Great Progress in Theoretical Study of Pentaquark States
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2305.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Geng Lisheng Makes Great Progress in Theoretical Study of Pentaquark States
                

                    Release time：July 1, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


Recently, the team of Prof. Geng Lisheng of the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering and the foreign collaborators have used the effective field theory description to study the three pentaquarklike states discovered by the LHCb Collaboration of the European Nuclear Center. They found that these particles may resemble the molecular Dbar(*) Sigma_c(*) and predicted four additional molecular pentaquarks, which presents ground-state mesons containing anti-charm quark and ground-state baryons containing charm quark. On June 21, the research was punished online titled “Emergence of a Complete Heavy-Quark Spin Symmetry Multiplet: Seven Molecular Pentaquarks in Light of the Latest LHCb Analysis” on Phys. Rev. Lett. (122, 242001 (2019)) and drew the attention of Science.

Exploring the basic structure of matter has always been an important frontier topic in physics. The study of spectroscopy plays a significant role in understanding the laws of physics in the microscopic world, and promotes the establishment of shell and collective models from quantum mechanics to nuclear physics. In 1961, Gell-Mann and Ne'eman proposed the octagonal method, which classified the known baryons and mesons into different SU (3)-flavor multiplets and predicted the existence and properties of Omega particles. In 1964, the discovery of Omega particle was recorded as a major breakthrough in particle physics, marking the establishment of SU (3) symmetry theory. In the subsequent simple quark model established by Gell-Mann and Zweig, baryons consist of three valence quarks and mesons consist of a pair of positive and negative quarks, but the basic theory of strong interaction QCD does not prohibit the existence of more complex hadronic structures, such as hybrid states, colloidal spheres, four-quark states, five-quark states, and molecular states.
Since 2003, a large number of new exotic hadronic states have been discovered in high-energy physics experiments, which could hardly be explained by the simple quark model. In 2015, the two pentaquarklike states, Pc(4380) and Pc(4450), were first detected by the LHCb Collaboration. In 2019, they found three narrow formants on the J/psi p invariant mass spectrum of Lambda_b, of which Pc(4312) is a new pentaquarklike state, and Pc(4450) discovered in 2015 splits into two states, Pc(4440) and Pc(4457).
These narrow pentaquarklike states are concentrated near the threshold of Dbar(*) Sigma_c(*). Based on model-independent analysis of the effective field theory, the Beihangteam points out that these pentaquarklike states are likely to be the molecular states of Dbar(*) Sigma_c(*). In its system, the heavy quark spin-flavor symmetry means that the leading order interaction of Dbar(*) Sigma_c(*) needs to be described by contact potentials with two low-energy effective constants. Using the newly observed Pc (4440) and PC (4457) of the LHCb Collaboration as input, the predicted mass of bound state of Dbar Sigma_c is close to that of Pc (4312), and the mass of bound state of Dbar Sigma_c(*) is close to that of the previously discovered Pc (4380). In addition, the effective field theory predicts the existence of three Dbar* Sigma_c* molecular states with spins of 1/2,3/2 and 5/2 respectively. The Beihang team believes that it is probably the first complete seven-state molecular. If other molecular pentaquarks of this multiplet are confirmed subsequently, it will be an important and successful application of heavy quark symmetry to explain exotic hadrons, and may open a new chapter in the study of heavy-flavor hadronic spectrum.

The mass and spin-parity of seven-state moleculars predicted by effective field theory
The paper is written by Liu Mingzhu, a doctoral student of Beihang, Pan Yawen, an undergraduate, Peng Fangzheng, a postgraduate, Mario Sanchez, a doctoral student of the University of Bordeaux, Prof. Geng Lisheng from Beihang, Prof. Manuel Pavon Valderrama and Prof. Atsushi Hosaka from Osaka University. The program is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the Outstanding Youth Scientist Team of Beihang University, Atsushi Hosaka and so on.
The article can be read at: https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.122.242001.
The news report of Science on this research can be read at: https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2019/06/exotic-particles-called-pentaquarks-may-be-less-weird-previously-thought?from=singlemessage&isappinstalled=0.

Reported by Liu Rui
Reviewed by Wang Wenwen
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:470
TITLE:Delegation from Royal Holloway, University of London Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2543.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from Royal Holloway, University of London Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：April 10, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


A delegation led by Prof. Paul Hogg, Vice Principal of Royal Holloway, University of London (RHUL), visited Beihang University on April 2nd. Cheng Jiwei, Deputy Secretary of Beihang University, met them at the conference room of International Division together with representatives from the division and Spintronics Interdisciplinary Center.
Cheng Jiwei warmly welcomed the delegation. He regarded the prospect of scientific research cooperation and student exchange projects in the advantageous disciplines between the two universities favourably. Then, Li Deyu, Director of International Division, gave an introduction to the education, scientific research as well as the internationalization of Beihang University in detail. Prof. Hogg appreciated the warm reception and introduced the basic information, recent development directions and characteristics of RHUL. The two sides fully exchanged views and reached agreements on issues such as enhancing personnel exchanges, promoting scientific research cooperation and launching student cooperation projects.


Besides, the delegation visited Spintronics Interdisciplinary Center, the School of Materials Science and Engineering and the School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering to learn more about Beihang’s teaching and scientific research in related fields and reached initial intent for cooperation.
Founded in 1886, RHUL joined the University of London in 1990 and became one of its independent colleges. It is a well-known public research university in Britain and has 3 schools (Science, Arts and Social Sciences and Management, Economics and Law), 20 departments, 9,844 students and 1,720 staff. The university leads the world in a number of subjects, such as information science and physics. It ranks 259th in the QS World University Rankings 2018.
Reported by Zhou Mi
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:471
TITLE:Beihang Postgraduates Win Prizes in 3rd 5MRP Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3077.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Postgraduates Win Prizes in 3rd 5MRP Competition
                

                    Release time：May 14, 2021 / Li Xueru
                


Recently, Wang Keyao from the School of Economics and Management and Liu Chenchen from the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering won the first and third prizes respectively in the 3rd Five-Minute Research Presentation (5MRP) Competition.

Wang Keyao, the first prize winner (Instructor: Liu Weiwei)

Liu Chenchen, the third prize winner (Instructor: Zheng Fei)
To prepare for the competition, Graduate School and the School of Foreign Languages organized qualification trials in June 2020, and about 40 students won the first, second, third and excellent awards in these trials. After that, experienced instructors from the School of Foreign Languages, including Guo Wei, Liu Weiwei, Zheng Fei and Yan Li, provided online training for these candidates, aiming at improving students’ speech ability and preparing them better for the competition. Since September 2020, the students have hacked their way through the preliminary round, intermediate round and final contest, and finally harvested good results in the competition.
Jointly organized by China English for Academic Purpose Association, the Chinese Association for ESP, Shanghai College English Teaching Steering Committee and North China Electric Power University, the 3rd 5MRP Competition was held for Chinese undergraduates and postgraduates to improve their ability of using English to conduct scientific research and academic communication. Competitors were required to introduce one scientific achievement or idea in English to the people in all walks of life. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the competition adopted a combination of online submission of video entries and offline contests. In total, competitors from 67 universities submitted 1,234 video entries.

Reported by Cui Qianqian
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:472
TITLE:“All About Leonardo da Vinci” Popular Science Lecture Held at Yongman Theatre
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2520.htm
TEXT:
“All About Leonardo da Vinci” Popular Science Lecture Held at Yongman Theatre
                

                    Release time：June 20, 2018 / He Siying
                


On the afternoon of June 5, a science lecture entitled “All About Leonardo da Vinci” was successfully held at Yongman Theatre on Shahe Campus. More than 200 students from various schools attended the lecture. The lecture was organized by International Division and the Department of Student Affairs. Mr. PlinioInnocenzi, Scientific Attaché of the Embassy of Italy in China, hosted the lecture.  

  
Lecturers were research staff from Leonardo3 Museum and Studio in Italy. ‍‍They studied the inventions recorded in Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts with modern science and technology, which helped students learn Leonardo's myriad of scientific achievements made in various fields ahead of his time.


At the beginning of the lecture, Mr. Massimiliano Lisa, Director of Leonardo3 and a media expert, introduced the establishment and development of Leonardo3 as well as Leonardo da Vinci's life. Afterwards, Technical Director Mr. Edoardo Zanon and Mr. Mario Taddei introduced the mechanical designs and inventions that appeared in the manuscripts of Leonardo da Vinci, including aircraft, big kite, and horizon sensor, and analyzed these exquisite designs and their connections with the ancient Chinese inventions. In addition, the Leonardo3 team also showcased their modern scientific and technological methods to reconstruct Leonardo’s inventions. Later in the Q&A session, the students actively asked questions and interacted with the speakers.  
‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍The lecture provided an opportunity for the students to further understand this master of the Renaissance by introducing his achievements and discoveries unknown to the public. It ended successfully with warm applause from the students.  
  
Released by Niu Miaozhuo
Translated by He Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:473
TITLE:Beihang and USP Build a GNSS Station Together
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2233.htm
TEXT:
Beihang and USP Build a GNSS Station Together
                

                    Release time：December 17, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, a new Permanent Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) station for Ionospheric monitoring and precise point positioning (PPP) research was installed at the campus of the University of the South Pacific (USP) in Fiji. The project is a joint effort by Beihang University and USP. 
On Dec. 5, the inauguration of the station was attended by Prof. Shi Chuang fom Beihang together with Prof. Sushil Kumar and Prof. Maurizio Cirrincione from the School of Engineering & Physics, USP.

Prof. Shi Chuang, Prof. Sushil Kumar and Prof. Maurizio Cirrincione revealed the nameplate of the station together
According to Prof. Shi Chuang, China’s BDS will provide better service and benefit people all over the world with the core satellites in China’s Beidou-3 System in position. He also mentioned that they are upgrading the station into an International GNSS Service (IGS) base station to offer access to the real-time data for research institutes and academic organizations from around the world.
The installation of the station is funded by Beihang, which also provides monitoring hardware for the project. A series of researches conducted collaboratively by the two universities are supported by the data from China’s Beidou Navigation Satellite System (BDS), the Global Positioning System of the United States, Russia’s GLObal NAvigation Satellite System and the Galileo of the European Union.


Reported by Zhang Fu and Zhang Tao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Wang Fei
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:474
TITLE:The 1st Sino-Russian International Conference on Numerical Optimization and Machine Learning Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3342.htm
TEXT:
The 1st Sino-Russian International Conference on Numerical Optimization and Machine Learning Held
                

                    Release time：July 25, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


The 1st Sino-Russian International Conference on Numerical Optimization and Machine Learning, jointly organized by the School of Mathematical Sciences of Beihang University and the Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence at the Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology (Skoltech), Russia, was convened from July 11 to 14, 2022. The conference was held online through Tencent Meeting with Prof. Han Deren from Beihang and Prof. Ivan Oseledets from Skoltech as the organizing committee members. Nineteen reports were presented at the conference, including ten from China and nine from Russia. The conference had presenters from ten universities and research institutes at home and abroad, including Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology (Skoltech), Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, the Hong Kong Polytechnical University, the University of Science and Technology Beijing, Nanjing Normal University, Beihang University, etc.
The conference was held to exchange and discuss up-to-date theories, algorithms, and applications in the fields of optimization theory and algorithm, tensor calculation, compressed sensing, quaternion, large-scale calculation, non-convex optimization, and machine learning.

The conference played a positive role in making the School of Mathematical Sciences of Beihang increasingly well-known around the globe and promoting the exchange between Chinese and Russian scholars in terms of numerical optimization, machine learning, and other related subjects.


Reported by Huang Bo
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:475
TITLE:Beihang and CAICT Hold PHMAP 2019
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2295.htm
TEXT:
Beihang and CAICT Hold PHMAP 2019
                

                    Release time：July 29, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Asia Pacific Conference of the Prognostics and Health Management 2019 (PHMAP 2019) was held at Liaoning International Building, Beijing from July 23th to 24th. Held by the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering of Beihang University and China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT), the conference was attended by over 300 scholars from 14 countries. Prof. Lin Jing, Dean of the School of Reliability and System Engineering, was the Chair of the conference.

On behalf of Beihang, Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University welcomed experts and scholars from all over the world. He pointed out that against the background of the national manufacturing strategy, it is of significance to hold academic seminars in fields like Prognostics Health Management (PHM) and Reliability Engineering as they contribute greatly to the improvement of manufacturing equipment.
Representing the organizers, Wang Aihua, Vice Chief Engineer of CAICT addressed the conference. In his speech, he stressed that novel technologies including informationization, intelligentization and big data provoke new thoughts and create opportunities for the development of PHM. Therefore, he encouraged young scholars to actively involve themselves in this field.
Many privileged scholars were invited to give keynote speeches on the latest research progress of their respective fields, including Dr. Eric Bechhoefer, President of GMSP and Former Chief Scientist of Goodrich SIS, Prof. Hu Ning, Vice President of Hebei University of Technology, Prof. Andrew Kusiak from the Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineering of the University of Iowa, Prof. Li Yupeng, Vice President of Shenyang Jianzhu University, Prof. Byeng Dong Youn from Seoul National University, Prof. Wang Xu from Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Prof Wang Jianmin, Dean of the School of Software of Tsinghua University and Dr. Kang Peng from China XD Group. They shared their findings and experiences with the participators on some key issues of PHM development, which earned enthusiastic applause from the audience.
PHMAP is a conference with the highest rank and biggest reputation in PHM in Asia Pacific. Eight topics including “Monitoring, Diagnostic and Prognostic Methods”, “Model-based Prognostics”, “Bearing and Gear Prognostics and Diagnostics”, “Data-driven Prognostics”, “Structural Health Monitoring”, “Machine Intelligence Augmented PHM”, “PHM for Aerospace, Energy, Automotive, Marine and Heavy Industry” and “Advances in PHM Design and Reliability Engineering” are covered in this year’s conference. The two-day PHMAP 2019 not only offers a great platform for international scholars, but also increases Chinese scholars’ influence in the field of PHM.


Reported by Miao Yonghao
Edited by Wang Qing
Reviewed by Lin Jing
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:476
TITLE:2019 Beihang Global Partner Week
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2331.htm
TEXT:
2019 Beihang Global Partner Week
                

                    Release time：May 21, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


From May 13 to 17, a series of activities of 2019 Beihang Global Partner Week were held at Beihang University. University leaders and directors in charge of internationalization affairs hailing from over 20 universities in 11 countries attended the events.

On May 15, International Conference on the Role of Internationalization Strategies in Building a World-Class University, as one of the key activities of Beihang Global Partner Week, was convened at the conference center of New Main Building. Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, Li Qing, Deputy Secretary General of China Scholarship Council (CSC), Prof. Ulrich Teichler, former President of European Higher Education Society (EAIR), and some leading scholars in the filed of higher education attended the conference and delivered their speeches. The attendees had a full and fruitful exchange and discussion on the theme of the internationalization of higher education and the construction of world-class universities, providing valuable reference for the construction of “Double First-Class” universities.

The following day ushered in the 2019 Beihang Global Partner Day & Study Abroad Fair. Li Deyu, Chief of International Division, expressed his gratitude to the representatives of Beihang’s partner universities who participated in this activity. He hoped to continue to strengthen cooperation and personnel exchanges with global partners, especially in collaboration on international talent training and scientific research projects. Lyu Ying, Deputy Chief of International Division, elaborated the achievements of Beihang in the fields of scientific research, talent cultivation and internationalization in recent years. Attendees carried out a monographic discussion around “local internationalization” and “cultivation of students with internationalization visions”.

In the Study Abroad  Fair activity that afternoon, participating overseas universities set up booths at New Main Building to provide overseas study consultation and introduce overseas study opportunities, which was attended by more than 400 Beihang students.

During this one-week event, Vice President Huang Haijun received some leaders from such universities as Aristotle University of Thessaloniki (AUTh) and Saint-Petersburg State University of Aerospace Instrumentation (SUAI), and they fully exchanged views and reached consensus on boosting cooperation on international talent training, scientific research and innovation. Related leaders from International Division and some schools also met and discussed with representatives from Vienna University of Technology, Politecnico di Milano, Politecnico di Torino, the University of Victoria, etc., respectively and achieved initial intent of cooperation on bilateral teaching and technical cooperation.



During their stay, representatives participating in the conference also visited Sino-French Engineer School, Beijing Air and Space Museum, National Key Laboratory of CNS/ATM, and State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and Systems.

The success of 2019 Beihang Global Partner Week has played a positive role in consolidating and strengthening the friendly cooperative relationship between Beihang and partner universities, deepening and promoting the international talent cultivation and scientific research and innovation, and enhancing the international influence of Beihang University.

Reported by Gao Yuan
Photographed by Wang Qing, Shi Yaoxin, Liang Jiawei and Li Ruowei
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:477
TITLE:Beihang Co-organizes “Flying to Deep Space” International Forum on Science and Innovation Cooperation and Development
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3491.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Co-organizes “Flying to Deep Space” International Forum on Science and Innovation Cooperation and Development
                

                    Release time：May 5, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On the morning of April 25, “Flying to Deep Space” International Forum on Science and Innovation Cooperation and Development, as one session of the 2023 China Space Conference Forum Series, was held in Hefei, Anhui Province. Sponsored by Chinese Society of Astronautics (CSA), China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology (CALT) and International Astronautical Federation (IAF) and co-organized by Beihang University and Northwestern Polytechnical University (NWPU), this forum focused on scientific research innovation and talent cultivation of famous universities at home and abroad in the field of aerospace, attracting nearly 200 college students as well as experts and scholars from domestic and overseas top universities.

Yu Miao, director of International Cooperation Center of China Aerospace (ICCCA), presided over the opening ceremony. Attendees include Wang Xiaojun, President of CALT and Vice President of IAF, Gao Feng, Deputy Director of Science and Technology Committee of China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation (CASIC), Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, Zhang Kaifu, Assistant to President of NWPU, and Olivier CONTANT, Executive Director and academician of the International Academy of Astronautics (IAA), President of the International Innovation Research Institute (IIRI).
Tao Zhi pointed out in his speech that science and technology as well as talents are the two driving forces that pull the aerospace industry forward. Looking into the future, Beihang will continue to deepen the reform of science and technology innovation and talent training mode, and continuously deepen the integration of science and education, and the integration of industry and education. Standing at the new historical starting point, all Beihang people are ready to work with other universities and research institutions at home and abroad to strengthen in-depth cooperation and exchange in the fields of popularization of airspace knowledge, scientific research and talent cultivation, and make contributions to promoting the space industry for the benefit of all human beings and building a community with a shared future for mankind.
The forum was rich in content with many highlights. The launching ceremony of the 2nd International Space Science and Payload Competition was held during the forum. Prof. Xu Ming, Vice Dean of Beihang National Superior College for Engineers, interpreted the Space Universities CubeSat Challenge (SUCC) 2.0 to the conference. The Challenge is a high-level event with wide influence at home and abroad, hosted by Beihang University and China Academy of Space Technology (CAST).
CSA, Beihang, NWPU, and the University of Hong Kong (HKU) have reached an agreement to deepen their cooperation and strengthen their collaboration in science education, international exchange, and talent training to promote aerospace science education and exchange in all aspects. At the same time, Beihang University, together with Dalian University of Technology, NWPU and other universities jointly launched the Space Universities Micro-nano Satellite Innovation Mission and Education Research Center. The center will carry out technical support for SUCC 2.0 under the guidance of CSA, and carry out international cooperation projects on micro-nano satellites with IAF Space Universities Administrative Committee Consortium. Beihang Professor Wang Weizong, Dean of the School of Astronautics, participated in the initiative as a guest.

In the keynote report session of the forum, Prof. Yang Lijun, Assistant to the President and Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, Beihang University, Prof. Quentin Parker, Director of Laboratory for Space Research under the Faculty of Science, HKU, Prof. Qin Fei, Vice Dean of School of Astronautics, NWPU, Prof. Henry Curran, National University of Galway, Ireland, and Mr. Dumitru-Dorin Prunariu, the first Romanian astronaut and former Director of Romanian Space Agency, each made a presentation on specific topics. The keynote report session was chaired by Prof. Yue Xiaokui, Executive Dean of the School of Aerospace, NWPU.

The high-level dialogue session of the forum invited experts and scholars in the field of aerospace both domestic and overseas to discuss in depth the value and role of international exchange and cooperation in the field of aerospace and its impact on technological innovation, talent cultivation, international industry-university-research-application, and scientific and technological exchanges, and to actively explore ways to break the ice in view of the main obstacles that currently exist. Liu Rui, Secretary of the Party Committee of the School of Astronautics of Beihang University, participated in the dialogue as a guest.

As an important international forum of the 2023 China Space Conference, “Flying to Deep Space” International Forum on Science and Innovation Cooperation and Development has received close attention from people of all walks of life at home and abroad, showing the world the fruitful achievements of China's space science and technology innovation. The wonderful sharing of the guests played a positive role in promoting the combination of international industry, academia, research, and application in the field of aerospace.


Reported by Sun Xiucong
Reviewed by Wang Weizong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:478
TITLE:Final of 16th “Challenge Cup” Kicks Off at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2253.htm
TEXT:
Final of 16th “Challenge Cup” Kicks Off at Beihang
                

                    Release time：November 12, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


The opening ceremony of the final of the 16th “Challenge Cup” National College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Contest was held at the stadium of Xueyuan Road Campus of Beihang University on November 9.
The contest was hosted by the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League of China (CYLC), the China Association for Science and Technology (CAST), the Ministry of Education (MOE), the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS), All-China Students Federation (ACSF) and the People's Government of Beijing Municipality, organized by Beihang University, and sponsored by Beihang Investment Co., Ltd.

The opening ceremony

The opening ceremony
The attendees of the opening ceremony included He Junke, First Secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee of CYLC, Wang Zhijun, Vice Minister of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), Xu Yanhao, Vice President, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Secretariat of CAST, Cai Fang, Vice President and Member of the leading Party members’ group of CASS, Zhang Jiaming, Vice Mayor of Beijing, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Fu Zhenbang, Secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee of CYLC, Wang Shengbo, President of ACSF, representatives from relevant ministries like MOE, partners and other relevant agencies, members of the national organizing committee and the panel of judges of the contest, people in charge of the relevant government bodies of Beijing, representatives of the Communist Youth League of provinces, teachers and students of the universities, and over 3,000 teachers and students from universities in Hong Kong and Macau. The ceremony was hosted by Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University.

The opening ceremony

The opening ceremony
Mr. He pointed out in his speech that the 30-year-old contest has reached a new start line as a well-known brand among college students and in the field of youth scientific and technological innovation in a new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics. According to him, the contest would follow the requirements concerning scientific and technological innovation and youth work proposed by General Secretary Xi Jinping and serve as a grassroots platform for young students to develop their scientific spirit, cooperation skill and collective spirit. He also hoped that the students could strengthen their dash and confidence and make efforts towards the decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects, the achievement of Two Centenary Goals, and the realization of the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation.

Mr. He Junke delivered a speech

Mr. Xu Yanhao delivered a speech on behalf of CAST

Mr. Cai Fang delivered a speech on behalf of CASS

Mr. Wang Zhijun delivered a speech on behalf of MIIT

Mr. Zhang Jiaming extended his welcome to young talents from all over the country and invited them to innovate and start a business in Beijing on its way to strengthen its position as a national scientific and technological innovation center
On behalf of the organizer, Secretary Cao noted in her welcome address that Beihang would strive for the success of the contest in every respect and render it a memorable one showcasing the achievements, vigor, passion, idea and spirit of innovation.

Secretary Cao delivered a welcome address

President Xu Huibin hosted the opening ceremony
Besides them, Qi Faren, Member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, extended his best wishes to all the competitors in a video message. Major General and Astronaut Liu Wang talked about the spirit of manned spaceflight on the scene. Major General Cui Jijun, former Commander of Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, announced the start of the final of the contest together.

Qi Faren sent his best regards to the competitors in a video message

Liu Wang, Shenzhou 9 Astronaut and a doctoral student of Beihang University, spoke of the spirit of manned spaceflight and sent his message to the young students

Mr. He, Mr. Wang, Mr. Xu, Mr. Cai, Mr. Zhang, Ms. Cao and Mr. Wang pressed buttons together to start the final

The final of the contest officially kicked off
The opening ceremony had a theme of “Realizing Our Dream Through Challenge and Serving Our Country with Scientific and Technological Innovation” and showed how young students dedicated themselves to scientific and technological innovation, resolved to challenge themselves, chased their dreams and served their country with patriotism and the scientist spirit on the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, a moment when historic achievements and changes were made.
Performances of the ceremony were staged by Tsinghua University, Peking University, Renmin University of China, Beihang University, China Agricultural University, China University of Political Science and Law, Beijing Wuzi University, the High School Affiliated to Renmin University of China, the Primary School Affiliated to Beihang University, etc. These performances integrated the elements of youth, innovation as well as modern science and technology, embodying the original aspiration of talent cultivation, aim and idea of the contest and the great presence of young students.

“Seed of Dream”, a performance centering on scientific and technological innovation

“Build Dreams in the Sky”, a dance performed by Beihang Art Troupe

“Youth Is Made for Hard Work”, a situational recitation performed by the student host troupe, drama troupe and tap dance troupe of Beihang University

Student representatives from Tsinghua University, Peking University, Renmin University of China, Beihang University, China Agricultural University, China University of Political Science and Law and Beijing Wuzi University sang “Dream Chasers in the Sky”, the theme song of this year’s competition

The chorus for the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of China and the audience sang “My People, My Country” together
The contest this year featured a grassroots mission and focused on attracting more young student participants. It led universities and local branches of CYLC to improve the university round of the contest by optimizing the selection mechanism of “Champion Cup” and the Award of Outstanding Organization. To highlight the principle of objectivity and create a platform for fair competition, efforts such as public demonstration of entries before the contest and the veto on dishonesty in the statute of the contest were made to guide the students toward honest and fair competition. Furthermore, for the first time in the history of the contest, the open oral defense system was introduced for all the 447 entries from 213 universities in the final and the students were encouraged to watch the defense and learn from each other, which made the contest a classroom where they could exchange ideas and learn and grow together.
As the final went on, various activities such as advanced academic lectures, Open Day and “Challenge Cup” salon would also be held simultaneously.
Since 1989, the “Challenge Cup” National College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Contest has been adhering to the idea of “Honor Science, Pursue Truth, Study Hard, Innovate Resolutely, Face Challenge”. After being held 15 times, it has formed the work system of CYLC-facilitated college student scientific and technological innovation, which is motivated by the contest, powered by China Youth and Teenager Scientific and Technological Innovation Award, and rooted in the regular and active extracurricular scientific and technological activities of college students.
Over the past 30 years, the contest has developed from a small arena for over 300 participants from 19 universities to the “Olympic Games” for more than two million students from over 2,000 universities. It has brought to the public a large number of pieces of original student scientific and technological works, motivated and trained a multitude of outstanding talents in the fields of science, technology, education and economy, promoted the transformation and application of scientific and technological innovation by college students, and enhanced the development of innovation and entrepreneurship education in universities.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu, Lu Shujun, Shen Yanzhe, Liu Quqi, Tian Wenhao,
 Zhang Zhanyu, Li Miao, Sun Yinghao and Xu Chang
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:479
TITLE:10th Anniverary Celebration of Beihang AERO-Segway Formula Racing Team Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2228.htm
TEXT:
10th Anniverary Celebration of Beihang AERO-Segway Formula Racing Team Held
                

                    Release time：December 24, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


On Dec.14, the 10th Anniverary Celebration of Beihang AERO-Segway Formula Racing Team was held in the Main Building of Shahe Campus. Yan Jianlai, Deputy Secretary-General of SAE-China and Secretary-General of Formula Student China (FSC), Chen Gang, Director of the FSC, Wang Yunpeng, Vice President of Beihang University, Wang Shuo, Senior Investment Manager of Beihang Investment Co. Ltd. and relevant leaders from the Youth League Committee and the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, participated in the celebration together with representatives of sponsor companies, Tsinghua University, Beijing Institute of Technology and other universities, as well as teachers and students from Beihang University, totaling more than 270 people.

In his opening remarks, Wang Yunpeng expressed warm congratulations to all the teachers and students of the team, and gave heartfelt thanks to the organizing committee and sponsor companies of FSC for their strong support. He said that Beihang has always attached great importance to the cultivation of students' scientific and technological innovation capabilities. As one of the most unique technology practice platforms in Beihang, the team has cultivated more than 100 outstanding talents for the university and the Chinese automotive industry in the past ten years. He hoped that the team will continue to move forward and achieve better results.
Yan Jianlai and Chen Gang then gave their speeches on the achievements of Beihang AERO-Segway team in the past few years and the development history of FSC, respectively. As the chief engineer of the 2019 season electrical system and the winner of the 16th Challenge Cup National Special Award, He Yuan, a student from the School of Biomedicine and Enginnering, shared the gains since he joined the team three years ago, and thanked Beihang for its support in technological innovation, engineering practice management and team operations on behalf of all team members. Xiao Hong, Secretary of the Youth League Committee, and Yang Shichun, Dean of the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, jointly presented plaques for the sponsors and thanked them for their help and support.

During the technical exchange, teachers and students from Tsinghua University, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing Jiaotong University, and Beijing Vocational College of Electronic Science and Technology shared the key technologies in electric formula and unmanned driving. Besides, the chief engineer of AERO-Segway Formula Racing Ream in the new season introduced advanced technologies on wheel side reducer assembly and the control strategy of four wheel drive electric vehicles.
The event ended with a closing speech by Lin Haiying, the coach of the AERO-Segway Formula Racing Team, and the chorus "Sincere Heroes" by all team members.

Officially established in 2009, Beihang AERO-Segway Formula Racing Team is one of the founding teams of FSC. It has participated in the competition for ten consecutive years and achieved excellent results. It now has developed to be a domestic first-class team with interdisciplinary features.



Reported by Dong Chenglin
Photographed by Zhao Shujun
Reviewed by Wu Jianghao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:480
TITLE:Beihang Signs Cooperation Agreement with ITMO University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2494.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Cooperation Agreement with ITMO University
                

                    Release time：July 30, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


On behalf of Beihang University, President Xu Huibin recently signed a university-level cooperation agreement with St. Petersburg National Research University of Information Technologies, Mechanics and Optics (ITMO University).


Founded in 1900, ITMO University is a Russian national research university and a member of the Russian Academic Excellence Project (Project 5-100). Like Beihang University, it is also a member of the Association of Sino-Russian Technical Universities (ASRTU). It currently has over 11,000 students (including more than 1,800 international students) and over 1,300 teachers, and its top majors are precision mechanics, photonics and optics, computer technology, control system and robotics, network security, programming and so on. Since 2004, ITMO University has become the World Champion for seven times and won over 20 gold medals in the World Finals of the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC), which is the best record around the world.
According to the newly signed agreement, Beihang plans to join hands with ITMO University to seek teaching and research cooperation in areas where both have an advantage, such as information technology and mechanics.  
  
Reported by Wang Lingpei
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:481
TITLE:The 1st 2021 Undergraduate Admission Letter from Beihang Sent
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3133.htm
TEXT:
The 1st 2021 Undergraduate Admission Letter from Beihang Sent
                

                    Release time：July 9, 2021 / Zheng Quan
                


The first 2021 Undergraduate Admission Letter from Beihang University was sent out on the morning of July 7.

Beihang's admission package contains various contents, carrying the university’s best wishes for the new students. On the covers of these customized EMS mailing packages, 7 planes are arranged into the shape of the Big Dipper, which stands for infinite hope and reverie. The admission letter was designed by Yang Lingxiao, a student from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation.

Zhongyang County of Lyuliang City, north China's Shanxi Province, a county that Beihang has helped to fulfill its poverty alleviation target, also prepared a gift for new Beihangers: an exclusive ZhongYang paper-cut handmade by Zhongyangers. The Chinese word “Hui Da" is carved on the paper-cut, standing for the expectation of the new generation of Beihangers for their answers to the future.


In addition, an introduction to Beihang financial funding policies was also included in these packages. For the freshmen with economic hardship, Beihang University provides them with a special green channel and funding system.

The first undergraduate admission letter of Beihang in 2021 was received by Gao Zihang, a student majoring in applied physics from Beijing Qiangji Program. After receiving the letter, Gao Zihang shared the joy with his families. "Beihang University is famous for its rigorous academic atmosphere. Here, I can work together with my classmates to overcome difficulties. I am full of hope for my future work, and working in the field of aerospace is my dream. With my effort, I hope to push forward physics research with others to solve the bottleneck problems for my country."

Nearly 4,000 undergraduate admission letters will be sent out. The customized version of Beihang Admission Envelope will be sent to each freshman, containing the admission notice, Zhongyang paper cut, and a letter to the freshmen.


Reported by Yao Youlin, Wen Xinlin and Kong Xiangming
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Deng Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:482
TITLE:13 Beihang Journals Included in CiteScore 2021
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3302.htm
TEXT:
13 Beihang Journals Included in CiteScore 2021
                

                    Release time：June 16, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On June 9, 2022, Elsevier has released the CiteScore 2021 metrics, delivering the latest insight into research impact and influence. Based on Scopus, it provides a measure of journal citation impact to more than 27,200 peer-reviewed journals, book series, conference proceedings and trade journals.
8 journals sponsored by Beihang University are included: Propulsion and Power Research, Chinese Journal of Aeronautics, Frontiers of Computer Science, Acta Aeronautica et Astronautica Sinica, Acta Materiae Compositae Sinica, Journal of Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Journal of Aerospace Power, and Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices.
In addition, among journals that are founded by Beihang faculties and published by foreign publishers or journals that are sponsored by relevant societies affiliated to Beihang University with Beihang faculties in charge, 5 of them are listed, including Visual Computing for Industry, Biomedicine, and Art, Mathematical Biosciences  and Engineering, Mathematics in Computer Science, International Journal of Modeling, Simulation, and Scientific Computing, and Cognitive Semantics.
Researchers can use CiteScore to help determine where to publish and showcase their research as well as identify serial titles to read. In recent years, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, Beihang has established the Journal Center to support the development of Beihang journals and promote interactions between journals and advantageous subjects.


Reported by Li Yanxia and Zhang Feng
Reviewed by Yang Lijun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:483
TITLE:Beihang-UCL Interdisciplinary Seminar of Medicine and Engineering Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2404.htm
TEXT:
Beihang-UCL Interdisciplinary Seminar of Medicine and Engineering Held
                

                    Release time：December 21, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


On December 17, the Beihang-UCL Interdisciplinary Seminar of Medicine and Engineering, sponsored by the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Beihang University, was held in Beijing. Many renowned scholars from the Royal National Orthopedic Hospital of UCL and other institutes were invited to attend the seminar.
UCL is a major center for biomedical research and the largest academic health science center in Europe. It owns four world-famous hospitals and fifteen Nobel Prize winners in physiology or medicine.
Over 30 teachers and students from the Biomedical Materials Surface Science Lab of the School of Materials Science and Engineering attended the seminar. They had a heated discussion on topics like tissue engineering, bone repair, biomimetic nano-materials, biocomposites, new medical memory alloy, and body health monitoring.

After the seminar, the attendees visited some laboratories of the School of Materials Science and Engineering, and discussed about further cooperation between UCL and the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Beihang University. They made the preliminary decision on the in-depth cooperation on bone repair via three-dimensional printing technology, biomimetic materials, medical memory alloy, bioelectronic device and so on.

This seminar is an event of academic exchange and cooperation after the two sides formally established the strategic partnership, which greatly extends the horizon for the international cooperation of Beihang in the field of interdisciplinary medicine and engineering.
 
Reported by Xue Xianda
Reviewed by Guo Hongbo
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:484
TITLE:Research Group Led by Prof. Cheng Qunfeng Publishes New Findings in PNAS
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2148.htm
TEXT:
Research Group Led by Prof. Cheng Qunfeng Publishes New Findings in PNAS
                

                    Release time：October 26, 2020 / 
                


A research team led by Prof. Cheng Qunfeng and Academician Jiang Lei from the School of Chemistry of Beihang University and their collaborators published their latest research titled "Strong sequentially bridged MXene sheets" in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (PNAS) on October 21, 2020. Wan Sijie, a postdoctoral fellow of Beihang “Zhuoyue” Program, and Li Xiang, an undergraduate student from the School of Chemistry, are the first authors. Prof. Cheng Qunfeng is the corresponding author.

Titanium carbide MXene, an emerging two-dimensional transition metal carbide with excellent mechanical properties and electrical conductivity, has great potential for use in aerospace and flexible electronics. However, the assembly of MXene nanosheets into macroscopic high-performance nanocomposites is challenging, limiting MXene's practical applications. In the paper, Prof. Cheng Qunfeng's research group proposed a bionic interface cross-linking strategy to construct high-performance MXene thin films.
The MXene thin film was constructed by sequentially introducing hydrogen bond (sodium alginate, SA) and ionic bond (Ca2+) into the MXene layer (Fig. 1), which formed a hydrogen bond between SA and MXene nanosheets. Ca2+ not only formed an ionic bond with MXene nanosheets, but also formed a chelate structure with SA molecules (similar to the interfacial crosslinking structure of mussel byssals). The interfacial interactions between MXene layers were greatly enhanced, so were the mechanical properties, electrical conductivity and electromagnetic shielding efficiency. It was found that the interfacial synergistic effect greatly improved the oxidation resistance of MXene films, which laid the foundation for the practical application of MXene films in the future. The results of molecular dynamics simulation further revealed the interfacial synergistic toughening mechanism of hydrogen bond and ionic bond, which provided the theoretical guidance for the preparation of other high-performance MXene nanocomposites.

Fig. 1. Fabrication and structural characterization of the hydrogen bonding-bridged MXene (HBM) sheet
Under the guidance of Academician Jiang Lei, this work was also contributed by the following collaborators: Dr. Wang Yanlei, Institute of Process Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS); Dr. Chen Ying, School of Stomatology, Peking University; Dr. Xie Xi and Researcher Yang Rui, Institute of Metal Research, CAS; and Prof. Antoni P. Tomsia, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. Some simulations were supported by the Center for High Performance Computing of Beihang University.
This work was supported by the Excellent Young Scientist Foundation of National Natural Science Foundation of China, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, Newton Advanced Fellowship, Beijing Natural Science Foundation, the National Postdoctoral Program for Innovative Talents, the China Postdoctoral Science Foundation, etc.

More information of the article:
https://www.pnas.org/content/early/2020/10/20/2009432117
Webpage of Prof. Cheng Qunfeng’s research group:
http://chengresearch.net/zh/home-cn/


Reported by Liu Naipeng
Reviewed by Liu Mingjie
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yin Ruyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:485
TITLE:Beihang Students Win 3 Gold and 2 Bronze Medals in 46th ICPC Asia-East Continent Final Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3357.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win 3 Gold and 2 Bronze Medals in 46th ICPC Asia-East Continent Final Contest
                

                    Release time：August 29, 2022 / Wen Li
                


From July 19 to 20, the 46th International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) Asia-East Continent Final Contest was held in Xi'an. Five teams from Beihang University have won three gold and two bronze medals, which marked the best achievement of Beihang in ICPC over the past three years.

This final contest was hosted by ICPC and organized by Northwestern Polytechnical University and Shaanxi Computer Education Society, attracting 363 teams from 164 universities including Peking University, Tsinghua University, Zhejiang University and Shanghai Jiao Tong University to participate in.
For this year's contest, Beihang has organized 12 teams (3 members per team) from 10 schools including the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Software, ShenYuan Honors College, etc. The university’s training teams participated in all six regionals and the final contest, nabbing a third place,14 gold, 8 silver and 4 bronze medals in total.
At Beihang University, the ICPC competition is organized and implemented by the Department of Academic Affairs and the School of Software, attracting undergraduate and graduate students from all schools. Founded in 2005, the ACM Training Team of Beihang University usually organizes a university-level competition on program design each year to select ACM contestants while improving students’ basic ability in program design. Almost 40 students will be selected and then form three-person teams to be trained in spring and summer. Later in September, they will begin to take part in ICPC trials.
The International Collegiate Programming Contest is the world’s largest top-level programming competition for college students, attracting the largest number of participants each year. Known as the “Olympic Games” in the IT industry, the contest aims to enable students to fully demonstrate their ability to analyze and solve problems with computers. The competition is held once a year.
In the season of 2021-2022, ACM-ICPC has six regionals in east Asia, which were held in Jinan, Shenyang, Shanghai, Nanjing, Macau, and Kunming, respectively. The Asia-East Continent Final was held in Xi'an after the regionals.
ICPC regional contests are held once a week and usually last for half a year. Universities that are promoted in regional contests and Asia-East Continent Final will be qualified to compete in the World Final of ICPC next year.


Reported by Qu Yue
Reviewed by Lei Xiaofeng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:486
TITLE:Professor Zhang Lin Receives 2021 SCS Outstanding Professional Contribution Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3144.htm
TEXT:
Professor Zhang Lin Receives 2021 SCS Outstanding Professional Contribution Award
                

                    Release time：September 6, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


Recently, Professor Zhang Lin from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University won the 2021 SCS Outstanding Professional Contribution Award for his multiple creative contributions to the filed of modeling and simulation.
The SCS Outstanding Professional Contribution Award, sponsored by the Society for Modeling and Simulation International (SCS), is given to those who have contributed an innovative concept or product, or formulated creative insight, which has been widely accepted and used by some significant segment of the modeling and simulation community. The award was established in 1992 and is annually awarded to one recipient.
Based on years of research practice and experience on modeling and simulation of complex systems, Professor Zhang Lin creatively proposed model engineering for simulation, and systematic solutions and method frameworks for credible problems in the full life cycle of models. Besides, he provided a way for establishing a systematic and complete basic theory of simulation-based disciplines, which received positive responses from the international simulation community. In 2021, model engineering, as the core content, was incorporated into the latest revised “Knowledge System for Modeling and Simulation” of SCS.
Based on the concept of model engineering, Professor Zhang Lin led his team to develop a new generation of modeling and simulation language to support MBSE (Model-Based Systems Engineering): X language. As currently the first integrated modeling and simulation language that can realize system-level modeling and functional performance simulation verification of complex systems in the world, X language supported both graphics and text modeling methods.
Professor Zhang Lin has also made outstanding contributions to promoting international cooperation in the discipline construction of modeling and simulation, scientific research and education, and has had an essential influence in the international simulation community.


Reported by Ye Fei
Reviewed by Wang Shaoping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:487
TITLE:Beihang Holds Series of Activities to Commemorate Fifth China Space Day
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2194.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Series of Activities to Commemorate Fifth China Space Day
                

                    Release time：April 27, 2020 / Ren Chenjie
                


On April 24, a series of activities were held at Beihang University to commemorate the fifth China Space Day. Academician Qi Faren, chief designer of China's Shenzhou spacecraft and leading technician of China's first man-made satellite Dongfanghong-1, and Prof. Liu Hong, chief designer of Lunar Palace 1, told the story behind “the magic science”.

At 9 a.m., a live broadcast themed “Follow Beihang, Roam Space” was held at Beijing Air and Space Museum at Beihang University, during which scientists, professors and students informed the public about China’s remarkable space accomplishments and the prominent contributions of Beihang University to China’s space industry.
Academician Qi Renfa told the story behind the launch of Dongfanghong-1 and shared his thoughts of learning at Beihang through live streaming video. “I made my mind to build airplanes to defend my motherland. The five years I spent at Beihang will always be remembered,” said Academician Qi. “Everyone should have a dream, since only when the dream is treasured in heart can you find your target and faith.”





At 10 a.m., the team members who have stayed in Lunar Palace 1 commenced another live streaming on how to survive in space.

Prof. Liu Hong introduced Lunar Palace 1, the first bioregenerative life support base in China and the third in the world. Besides, she also briefed the audience on the systematical cyclic utilization of materials, the cultivation of plants and animals in a closed environment, the physical and psychological characteristics of the subjects in the experiment, etc.

Liu Hui, a volunteer who participated in the Lunar Palace 365 experiment, shared her experience of living in the palace with the public online. She patiently answered the questions put forward by the audience in the live steaming.

The two live events was simultaneously broadcasted in Xinhua, CCTV News, Tencent, Douyin, Bilibili, etc., and attracted millions of viewers.

In 2016, China designated April 24 as China Space Day to mark the launch of China's first satellite on April 24, 1970. Since then, Beihang organizes its space culture festival as a representative activity to commemorate and celebrate the great achievements made in China’s space cause.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Ren Chenjie
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:488
TITLE:Beihang Artificial Intelligence Research Institute Inaugurated
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2217.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Artificial Intelligence Research Institute Inaugurated
                

                    Release time：January 17, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, the inauguration ceremony of Beihang Artificial Intelligence Research Institute was held at the No.2 Conference Hall of New Main Building, Beihang University. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Executive Vice President Fang Jiancheng, Deputy Party Secretary and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun and Huang Haijun, Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, and Academician Zheng Zhiming, who is also the director of Beihang Artificial Intelligence Research Institute, were present. Other representatives included staff members and students from different schools and departments. The event was hosted by Fang Jiancheng.

The ceremony
Cao Shumin delivered a speech at the ceremony. In her speech, she gave a brief introduction on the artificial intelligence (AI) of the time and relevant national strategies on the topic. She also reviewed Beihang's research achievements and talent cultivation in the field of AI. She hoped that the institute can follow the principle of "supporting the aerospace industry of the country and taking the lead in the information technology revolution" and make full use of Beihang's resources to cultivate top-notch talents and contribute to the national development.

Cao Shumin addressed the audience at the ceremony

President Xu awarded the certificate of employment to Zheng Zhiming
Zheng Zhiming made a speech in which he introduced the development plan and prospect of the institute and expressed his gratefulness for all the supports received for the founding of the institute.

Zheng Zhiming made the speech

Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang, Xu Huibin, President of Beihang, Zheng Zhiming, Director of Beihang Artificial Intelligence Research Institute and Jin Rong, Secretary of the Party Committee of the School of Astronautics unveiled the nameplate of the institute together


Reported by Liu Yuyin
Photographed by Di Bailu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Jin Rong
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:489
TITLE:Beihang’s 68th Anniversary Carnival Kicks Off
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2145.htm
TEXT:
Beihang’s 68th Anniversary Carnival Kicks Off
                

                    Release time：October 28, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                



In honor of the 68th anniversary of Beihang University, a campus carnival kicked off at both the Xueyuan Road campus and the Shahe campus on October 24.

The campus carnival

Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, joined the crowd at the carnival

President Xu Huibin came to the booths to have in-person experience of the carnival
At the two campuses, carnival booths with all kinds of food, handcrafts, interactive games and unique activities were set up, in preparation for the arrival of alumni from all over the world.

A special photo wall with black-and-white portraits of alumni at their student ages was exhibited, reviving those beautiful and unforgettable memories in the past. After taking group photos in front of the New Main Building, alumni signed their names at the signature wall and wrote down their sincere wishes.


Alumni from every corner of the world got reunited at Beihang and granted their wishes to the university

A “garbage sorting” game booth at the carnival
At the carnival, a Zhongyang County products promotion booth was also set up to sell Zhongyang’s food and intangible cultural works. Zhongyang County of Lyuliang City, north China's Shanxi Province, is a county that Beihang has helped to meet its poverty alleviation target.

The celebration bustled with all kinds of fascinating activities including booth games, handcraft exhibitions, food and beverage stalls, and DIY workshops. Students and staffs had a lot of fun at the carnival.




Besides booth activities, students from different campus clubs and associations also staged splendid performances like singing, dancing, chorus and martial arts show in celebration of Beihang’s 68th anniversary, bringing the atmosphere to a climax.



The ceremony came to an end at 3 p.m. Up to now, the anniversary campus carnival has been held for nine consecutive years, with alumni, students and staff getting reunited at Beihang in celebration of the university’s anniversary each year at this time.





Reported by Zhang Siyang, Li Chaoyang and Zou Zhicheng
Photographed by Wang Zining, Tang Jingxue, Wang Chunzheng and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Dong Zhuoning
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:490
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Championship in NEADC 2020
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2785.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Championship in NEADC 2020
                

                    Release time：December 7, 2020 / Yin Ruyue
                



In the recently concluded 2020 North East Asia Debate Championship (NEADC), Beihang English Elite Debating Team sent six debaters in teams of two to participate in the competition. One team won the championship in the English as Foreign Language (EFL) group.

After six rounds of fierce competition, Group BHU 3, which is composed of Wang Linhan from the School of Economics and Management and Liu Yingyiyi from the School of Foreign Languages, and Group BHU 1 composed of Xiang Zhaoxuan from the School of Economics and Management and Yao Haotian from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, accumulated 10 points each and advanced to the semifinals as the second and third place winners in the EFL group. In the following knockout rounds, Group BHU 1 won the EFL championship with their excellent performance, and Group BHU 3 also stood out as the Semi-Finalist. Yao Haotian was awarded the title of Best Debater in the EFL final.
Sponsored by SolBridge International School of Business in Korea, this year's NEADC was held online from November 21 to 23 due to the epidemic, with 72 teams from the University of Tokyo, Seoul National University, Korea University, Peking University, Beijing Foreign Studies University, Beihang University, the University of Hong Kong, the University of Macau, National Chengchi University, National Taiwan University, and other prestigious universities. NEADC is an annual event in Northeast Asia for college students to debate in English.
The Beihang English debate team is founded and instructed by the English Elite Class of the School of Foreign Languages. In the past ten years, the team has been upholding the spirit of " discerning the truth and striving for the best " and has won many awards in both domestic and international competitions. Despite the epidemic in 2020, the team continues its training under the remote guidance of professional debate coaches Daniel Berman and Jonathan Borock. The team attaches great importance to inheritance and mutual assistance, and has formed a good tradition and atmosphere, in which generations of team members pass on their spirit and experience with vigor and vitality.


Reported by Shang Jiaqi
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yin Ruyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:491
TITLE:Centrale Pékin – Schlumberger Smart Learning Center Opening Ceremony Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2462.htm
TEXT:
Centrale Pékin – Schlumberger Smart Learning Center Opening Ceremony Held
                

                    Release time：September 29, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


On the afternoon of Sept. 27, Centrale Pékin – Schlumberger Smart Learning Center opening ceremony was held at Centrale Pékin (Sino-French Engineer School) of Beihang University. Vice President of Beihang University Tao Zhi, Schlumberger’s Executive Vice President-Technology Ashok Belani, Chinese Director of Centrale Pékin Hong Guanxin, French Director of Centrale Pékin Frédéric Genty attended the ceremony together with teachers and students from Centrale Pékin as well as eight executives and some staff from Schlumberger.


Opening ceremony of Centrale Pékin – Schlumberger Smart Learning Center
In Tao Zhi’s speech, he expressed the appreciation for the support of Schlumberger over the years. Besides, he expected that Centrale Pékin could serve as a bridge in promoting the international cooperation of Beihang. On the ceremony, Belani said that as a member of Schlumberger, it is an honor for them to show modern teaching concepts to students in such a top Chinese university through Centrale Pékin and to contribute to the training of leading engineering talents. After that, Tao Zhi and Belani declared the Center open.


A group photo of representatives of Centrale Pékin and Schlumberger
Schlumberger has cooperated with Centrale Pékin for a long time and provides scholarship for the students of the school every year. Since 2013, Schlumberger Technologies Beijing Ltd. has recruited 17 Beihang graduates of which 14 were from Centrale Pékin. The Centrale Pékin – Schlumberger Smart Learning Center aims to build the first-class teaching environment, improve teaching quality and implement teaching reform.
  
Reported by Yu Lei
Photographed by Song Chao
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:492
TITLE:9th Beihang-Kogakuin Academic Exchange Summer Camp Ends
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2583.htm
TEXT:
9th Beihang-Kogakuin Academic Exchange Summer Camp Ends
                

                    Release time：September 6, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


From August 23rd to 30th, a delegation of Beihang students visited Japan for the 9th Beihang-Kogakuin Academic Exchange Summer Camp. The summer camp was intended as an international platform for scientific and cultural exchanges, aiming at facilitating mutual understanding in culture, world and globalization.

With the support and guidance of Confucius Institute Headquarters, the exchanges between Beihang University and Kogakuin University have been growing closer since the Confucius Institute of Kogakuin University was founded in 2008 under the joint effort of the two universities. Eight similar summer camps have been held from 2009 to 2016, all achieving good results and gaining praise from the participants.
The 9th summer camp consisted of two parts: Kogakuin students’ visit to China and Beihang students’ visit to Japan. Besides culture exchange, the camp also featured the exchange of scientific innovation projects. They served as a platform for the students to learn from each other in the aspects of academic ideas and technique, enhancing their innovation ability.
During their visit, Kogakuin students attended lectures of China’s aeronautic and astronautic facts and traditional Chinese culture, and also learned about Chinese and Tai chi. They visited several monuments, such as the Great Wall, the Palace Museum, the Temple of Heaven and the Summer Palace, and enjoyed a wonderful performance of Beijing Opera.

As for Beihang students, their activities began with active exchanges of Chinese and Japanese cultures, campus life and scientific projects at the Fujiyoshida dormitory of Kogakuin University. At the welcome party, they staged an excellent artistic show performing Xinjiang dance and singing Japanese and Chinese songs. When the party ended, students from both universities hugged each other and expressed their best wishes.
The highlights happened at the Kogakuin science classroom event, which was designed to popularize scientific and technological knowledge and increase the talent reserve in engineering technology. Although they had only known each other for four days by then, Beihang and Kogakuin students already developed a friendship and successfully guided more than 100 primary and middle school students through the making and flight of rubber band powered model plane. Both the students and their parents thought highly of their work.
Beihang students also visited the Shinjuku campus of Kogakuin University and the Confucius Institute there, which displayed traditional works of Chinese painting and calligraphy as well as national instruments.

Despite his busy schedule, Prof. Mitsunobu Satou, President of Kogakuin University, met the delegation of Beihang students and gave his full recognition for the summer camp. Leaders from both universities also participated in various activities during the camp and had deep discussions about student management and services.
Reported by Xu Liu
Edited by Qing Wang and Mingzhu Li
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:493
TITLE:Beihang Student Wins Special Prize in 4th 5MRP Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3246.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Student Wins Special Prize in 4th 5MRP Competition
                

                    Release time：January 17, 2022 / Yin Ruyue
                


Recently, Liu Yuanbo, an undergraduate student from the School of Foreign Languages, won the special prize in the 4th Five-Minute Research Presentation (5MRP) Competition.

On January 2, 2022, 31 teams from different competition regions across the country competed online for nearly 3 hours. Finally, 16 entries stood out and were selected as the special prize of the final. Liu Yuanbo was ranked 10th in the mixed group of undergraduates and graduates.
Since the beginning of the competition in May 2021, the School of Foreign Languages has attached great importance to the event, including establishing the instructor team to provide detailed and professional guidance to the participants. This year marks the second year of our university to participate in this competition. In order to stimulate students’ enthusiasm and initiative of foreign language learning and to guide them to combine their professions with foreign language learning, the School of Foreign Languages encourages students of all majors to participate in the scientific research speech competition, so as to promote their scientific research ability and English language skills, such as fast reading, writing short papers, delivering academic speeches, and cooperating and effective communication skills in a team.
This year, thousands of entries from more than 100 colleges and universities in over 30 regions were submitted for the competition, covering over 40 disciplines and majors such as aeronautics, engineering, agriculture, medicine and so on.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:494
TITLE:Beihang Aeromodelling Team Wins One Special Prize and Four First Prizes in 2023 CUADC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3607.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Aeromodelling Team Wins One Special Prize and Four First Prizes in 2023 CUADC
                

                    Release time：October 10, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


The 2023 China University Aircraft Design Competition (2023 CUADC) was held in Dingzhou, Hebei Province from September 25 to October 3, attracting over 1,800 candidates from 86 renowned universities to participate. After fierce competition, Beihang Aeromodelling Team eventually nabbed one special prize, four first prizes, three second prizes and four third prizes.

Established by the Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics, the China University Aircraft Design Competition (CUADC) is among the largest and most influential aerospace competitions in China. Since its inception, the competition has always adhered to the purpose of training more reserve talents for the national aviation industry, actively built platforms for excellent students to exchange ideas and cooperate, fully demonstrated the spirit of aviation students, and constantly promoted the improvement of the quality of independent training of talents in the field of aviation science and technology innovation in universities.

Since the summer vacation, the team members have overcome all kinds of difficulties to actively carry out preparatory work, constantly optimizing and improving the original design. During the competition, they faced all kinds of challenges bravely, united as one, and fought courageously, fully demonstrating their profound professional knowledge foundation, solid practice and innovation ability and fighting spirits as Beihang students. The innovative load team succeeded in taking off and landing with a 24kg load by virtue of the outstanding design and craft, setting the highest record in this competition.

Founded in 1952, Beihang Aeromodelling Team has established perfect mechanisms for member selection, competition preparation and academic achievement transformation through more than 70 years of development. It has become one of the most significant platforms to cultivate innovative talents. Its members took part in various competitions like the Challenge Cup, “Internet +” Competition, and China College Students' Entrepreneurship Competition, and attained brilliant results. The School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering is responsible for the daily management, technical guidance and team construction of the Beihang Aeromodelling Team under the guidance and support of the Beihang Youth League Committee.


Written by: Qiao Liang, Hou Yuxin
Reviewed by: Bao Rui
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:495
TITLE:Beihang Team Wins Global Championship in the 2nd Space Universities CubeSat Challenge
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3612.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Wins Global Championship in the 2nd Space Universities CubeSat Challenge
                

                    Release time：October 16, 2023 / Hu Xueyang
                


Recently, during the 74th International Astronautical Congress (IAC 2023), a team from Beihang University won the championship in the 2nd Space Universities CubeSat Challenge (2nd SUCC).The award ceremony, jointly organized by the Chinese Academy of Astronautics and the International Astronautical Federation, presented awards to the two teams that tied for the championship.The Space Ranger team from Beihang University was one of the winners, and their work would be launched by a Chinese rocket free of charge.

With Chen Pei, Jia Guanghui, and Zhao Guowei as the instructors, the Space Ranger team was formed by 11 undergraduates from the School of Astronautics in Beihang University, including Zhou Ziyu, Xie Yang, Wu Xu, Liu Pei, Chong Kehan, Huang Chengfei, Ma Congzhou, Gong Zeyu, Xu Silu, Zhao Zebei, and Nong Yuanshan (3 of them became first-year graduate students in September this year). The team is committed to establishing a global space debris monitoring constellation through international cooperation, contributing Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to mankind’s peaceful exploration and utilization of space. Their entry, CubeSat for Space Debris Surveillance, is a 3U CubeSat with two unique payloads for optical observation and impact based micro-debris detection. Beihang is the only Chinese university participating in this year's IAC conference and exhibited various items, including APSCO Student Small Satellite (APSCO-SSS-1), Space Ranger CubeSat hexapod robot, ILT-50 electric thruster and other exhibits in the Chinese Space Pavilion, which attracted the attention of many experts, enterprises and governmental organizations at home and abroad.


The International Astronautical Congress (IAC) is an annual conference organized by members of the International Astronautical Federation (IAF) to foster dialogue among scientists worldwide and support international cooperation in all areas of space-related activity. It enjoys the reputation of “the Olympics of space industry”. The 74th IAC was held in Baku, Azerbaijan in October 2023 under the theme Global Challenges And Opportunities: Give Space A Chance. The IAF, founded in 1951, has about 500 members from nearly 100 countries, including space agencies, companies, social groups, associations and societies.



Reviewed by: Li Jianwei
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Hu Xueyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:496
TITLE:Yu Hanming from Flying College Honored as “Star of Self-improvement of Chinese College Students”
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2844.htm
TEXT:
Yu Hanming from Flying College Honored as “Star of Self-improvement of Chinese College Students”
                

                    Release time：December 14, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, Yu Hanming, an undergraduate student from the Flying College of Beihang University, becomes one of the ten students who are named the “Stars of Self-improvement of Chinese College Students” this year. He is also the only student in Beijing who won the award.
When the country was confronted with the threat of COVID-19 this year, Yu Hanming, who lived in the epicenter Wuhan, voluntarily enrolled himself in a community service program to fight against the epidemic outbreak. “How meaningful it is to serve others as it can not only enrich myself but also support people in need of help,” said Yu in his application paper. However, he and his family actually had an intense debate on whether he should take the risk of being a volunteer considering the serious epidemic situation. After a fierce mental struggle, he firmly devoted himself in this war against COVID-19, becoming the first volunteer in his neighborhood. He spared no effort to fulfill his responsibility, whether it is to stand guard, run errands or make home delivery. In the eyes of his neighborhood, he has become a reliable helper. His story was covered by TV programs such as CCTV News Simulcast and Morning News, as well as newspaper media such as Changjiang Daily and Hubei Daily.

Yu Hanming has always prided himself on making contributions to the country. Long before his volunteer job, he once participated in the military parade in celebration of the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China as a member of civilian groups.
As for his college life, he is a top-rank student with various hobbies like playing basketball, doing fitness, shooting short-video and participating in volunteer programs. The responsibilities shouldered by Yu are just what should be taken by the contemporary Chinese youth.

For Yu Hanming, the awarding of “Star of Self-improvement of Chinese College Students” is just a start, he is believed to keep on fighting and attain self-realization by pursuing his flying dream.


Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:497
TITLE:Beihang Teachers Win Awards in 2019 FLTRP “Star Teacher” Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2232.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teachers Win Awards in 2019 FLTRP “Star Teacher” Contest
                

                    Release time：December 18, 2019 / Ma Yaping
                


The final of 2019 FLTRP "Star Teacher" Contest hosted by the Foreign Language Teaching and Research Press (FLTRP) came to an end in Beijing recently. Liu Lu, a teacher from the School of Foreign Languages (SFL) won the first prize, and the team, formed by five SFL teachers including Xu Guohong, Liu Weiwei, Gao Xia, Cheng Yanqin, and Cao Qiaozhen, made their way out of more than 800 teams in China and became the runner-up.

Beihang teacher Liu Lu

The team who won second place
The “Star Teacher” Contest is a large public event for teachers of multiple languages in universities around China, which is jointly hosted by the National Foreign Languages Teaching Advisory Board under the Ministry of Education, the National Advisory Board on Teaching English Language to Majors in Higher Education under the Ministry of Education and FLTRP. Established in 2013, it has become a large-scale and high-level contest of foreign language education in universities over China.


Reported by Liu Wei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Translated by Ma Yaping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:498
TITLE:Beihang Wins Approval for Two EU Projects of Erasmus+
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2439.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins Approval for Two EU Projects of Erasmus+
                

                    Release time：October 31, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


Recently, Beihang University has achieved success in applying for projects of Erasmus+, a large-scale EU international cooperation program for higher education. Two projects jointly applied by Beihang University and European universities have received support from the EU Directorate-General for Education and Culture.
The International Internships and Staff Mobility project applied by Beihang University and Dresden University of Technology obtained funding from the project—Higher Education Student and Staff Mobility of Erasmus+. Based on this project, the two universities will exchange their students to conduct scientific research, and organize exchanges and visits among the faculties.
The Promoting Modern Talent Management Practice in Asian Higher Education Institutions project applied by Beihang University and Polytechnic University of Catalonia obtained funding from the project—Capacity Building Project of Erasmus+. A total of 874 projects were selected for Capacity Building Project, and 147 of them were eventually approved. Based on this project, Beihang will discuss the human resource development strategy, talents management and other related issues with participators.


Launched in 2014, Erasmus+ is a major strategic plan of the European Union in science and education along with Horizon 2010 which focuses on scientific research. The total budget of this project is more than 14 billion euros. It is aimed at encouraging the European universities to develop international cooperation, jointly train students, promote teacher exchanges and build strategic partnerships worldwide, advancing exchanges of talents, knowledge and skills. Previously, Beihang University has received approval for ten projects of Erasmus+.
  
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:499
TITLE:Beihang Teams Win 2 First Prizes in 6th FFVC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2137.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teams Win 2 First Prizes in 6th FFVC
                

                    Release time：November 26, 2020 / Zheng Quan
                


Teams from Beihang University nabbed two first prizes, three second prizes, six third prizes and three object demonstration prizes in the 6th China Graduate Future Flight Vehicle Innovation Competition (FFVC) held at Central South University from Nov. 20 to 22. Beihang University won the Excellent Organization Award.

Under the theme “Intelligent Aerospace, Leading the Future”, the 6th FFVC aims to improve the research innovation ability and engineering practice ability of graduate students in the field of aerospace, and to cultivate innovative, interdisciplinary and high-quality talents for the industry. The competition attracted 513 teams from 127 graduate cultivation institutions, with a total of 2,752 participants and 400 entries.
A total of 10 groups attended the final. After a fierce competition, two entries from the School of Aeronautical Science and Engineering, named “‘Fu Yi’ adsorption type micro-fixed-wing UAV capable of taking off and landing freely” and “Airclimb flying robot”, gained recognition of the judges with their innovative design and the outstanding defense performance of their creators, winning the first prizes. Three works from the School of Aeronautical Science and Engineering of Beihang University won the second prize. In addition, six other teams won the third prize in the competition.

Beihang University has attached great importance to the competition since its initiation in early March this year, and actively organized students to participate in it. In mid-April, the on-campus warm-up competition, hosted by the Graduate School and organized by the School of Aeronautical Science and Engineering, was conducted in the form of summary evaluation and online defense, drawing a strong response among students. A total of 22 teams from various schools signed up to participate in this competition. After the warm-up match, 22 teams of Beihang University completed the preliminary contest registration and submission, and finally a total of 12 participating teams stood out and entered the national final.


Reported by Qiao Liang
Reviewed by Lin Guiping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:500
TITLE:Beihang Art Gallery Showcases Students' Works
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3283.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Art Gallery Showcases Students' Works
                

                    Release time：May 7, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


On April 21, a joint exhibition of the 13th Annual Exhibition of Excellent Works of Undergraduates, the 7th After School Art Works Exhibition and the works of Beihang “Feng Ru Cup” Art and Design Competition was held at Beihang Art Gallery. Sponsored by the Department of Academic Affairs and Youth League Committee and organized by the School of New Media Art and Design, the exhibition was open to students, faculty, and the public.

The principle of the annual exhibition is to educate and cultivate students through aesthetics. The exhibition aims to guide and inspire students’ interest in artistic creation, spread aesthetic education in universities, and promote interdisciplinary studies, in a bid to foster talent who is innovative, passionate and responsible.
Featuring four categories including paintings, design, images, and digital media arts, the exhibition encourages students to explore different ways and styles to express their thinking on art based on the combination of art and science.The works on display demonstrate the Chinese traditional culture and the advanced humanistic thoughts of the times. Combining the depth in thoughts and beauty in form, the works are not only students’ art achievements but also essential measures taken to create an aesthetic education environment in the university.




Reported by Zhang Huifeng
Reviewed by Wang Qun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:501
TITLE:Beihang Students Achieve Excellent Results in the Final of the 13th National Mathematics Competition for College Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3465.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Achieve Excellent Results in the Final of the 13th National Mathematics Competition for College Students
                

                    Release time：March 30, 2023 / Song Ziyun
                


From March 24 to 26, the final of the 13th National Mathematics Competition for College Students was held at East China Normal University in Shanghai. Twelve students from Beihang University won awards in the final, among whom Liu Xiaowen, Ni Yunhao, and Cui Shibo nabbed first prizes; Zhang Yijun, Xu Junhao, and Chen Han won second prizes; Kong Bo’ao, Bao Yongkang, Liu Zixin, Zheng Kaiqi, Shi Modi, and Gao Shizhan received third prizes. Beihang University ranked second in the total number of winners in Beijing and first in the number of non-mathematics-major winners among universities in Beijing.

Organized by the Chinese Mathematical Society, the National Mathematics Competition for College Students aims to stimulate college students’ interest in learning mathematics, cultivate their ability to analyze and solve problems, improve the quality of talent cultivation in China’s higher education institutions, promote the construction of mathematics courses in higher education institutions, and build a platform for young students to show their mathematical thinking ability and learning achievements. Before the competition, the mathematics competition coaching team conducted special training for the finalists, and two teachers, Li Ya and Shen Liangming, accompanied the team to Shanghai to provide them with preparation guidance and timely answers to their questions.



Reported by Li Fei
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:502
TITLE:Chinese Rewrite Record by Living 370 Days in Self-Contained Moon Lab
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2534.htm
TEXT:
Chinese Rewrite Record by Living 370 Days in Self-Contained Moon Lab
                

                    Release time：May 17, 2018 / Source: Xinhua
                


BEIJING, May 15 (Xinhua) -- Chinese volunteers have completed a one-year test living in a simulated space lab in Beijing, setting a new record for the longest stay in a self-contained cabin.
Four students, two males and two females, emerged from the Yuegong-1, or Lunar Palace 1, at Beihang University to the applause of academicians, researchers and fellow students Tuesday.
The total length of the test, which started on May 10th last year, reached 370 days, with the third stage accounting for 110 days.
Liu Hong, chief designer of Yuegong-1, said the test marks the longest stay in a bioregenerative life support system (BLSS), in which humans, animals, plants and microorganisms co-exist in a closed environment, simulating a lunar base. Oxygen, water and food are recycled within the BLSS, creating an Earth-like environment.
"The system is 98 percent self-sufficient. It has been stable and effective in providing life support for its passengers," she said.
A total of eight volunteers, all of whom are students at Beihang University, took turns living in the cabin, which measures around 150 square meters.
The BLSS is a critical piece of technology required for long-term human stays on the moon or other extraterrestrial bodies, Liu said.
Researchers will evaluate the physical and mental conditions of volunteers, study test results, and explore smaller BLSS equipment which could be loaded onto space labs, moon and Mars probes in the future.
"The test has important implications for human endeavors to achieve long-term stays outside the Earth. The experience, technology and findings will be conducive for future space exploration efforts," said Wang Jun, an academician from the Chinese Academy of Engineering, as he welcomed the volunteers out of the cabin.
The BLSS can also be applied in areas where water is scarce and oxygen levels are low, he said.
The previous record was set in the former Soviet Union, where three people stayed for 180 days in a similar closed ecosystem in the early 1970s.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:503
TITLE:Prof. Zhao Lidong's Team Publishes Findings in SCIENCE CHINA Materials, Revealing a New Structure with Extremely Low Thermal Conductivity
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2164.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Zhao Lidong's Team Publishes Findings in SCIENCE CHINA Materials, Revealing a New Structure with Extremely Low Thermal Conductivity
                

                    Release time：August 21, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                



Researchers from the team of Prof. Zhao Lidong recently published their latest findings of materials with low thermal conductivity in SCIENCE CHINA Materials, a leading journal of materials co-sponsored by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the National Natural Science Foundation of China. The research was also reported in the Editor's Choice section of Science.

The research on the cover of SCIENCE CHINA Materials (left) and report of the research in Science.
Titled “Extremely Low Thermal Conductivity from Bismuth Selenohalides with 1D Soft Crystal Structure”, the research discovered a new type of simple one-dimensional (1D) crystal structured bismuth selenohalides (BiSeX, X = Br, I) with extremely low thermal conductivity (Fig. 1). It combined the first-principles calculations, neutron powder-diffraction measurements and temperature tunable aberration-corrected scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM) to expound on the mechanism of the extremely low thermal conductivity in 1D BiSeX, offering a new approach to the selection of low thermal conductivity materials.

Fig. 1 (a) 1D crystal structured BiSeI. (b) Nanowires in BiSeI revealed by STEM.
Materials with extreme heat transport properties are valuable for thermal management. For example, heat dissipation in electronic communications requires high thermal conductivity, while materials with low thermal conductivity have huge potential in fields like thermal barrier coatings and thermoelectrics. High thermal conductivity often comes with properties like simple crystal structure, low molecular weight, strong chemical bonding and low anharmonicity, and low thermal conductivity usually means the opposite.
In their previous work, the team of Prof. Zhao Lidong found that 2D asymmetrical layered crystal structured materials have strong anharmonicity leading to low thermal conductivity (Nature 508 (2014) 373-377). They also optimized the electrical transport properties on the basis of low thermal conductivity by manipulating complex energy band structures (Science 351 (2016) 141-144, Science 360 (2018) 778-783, Science 365 (2019) 1418-1424). Solving the conflict between thermal and electrical conductivity, they gradually found a research direction of searching for high-efficiency thermoelectric materials among wide bandgap materials and overcame the difficulty that narrow bandgap could limit high thermoelectric performance to a narrow temperature range (Science 367 (2020) 1196-1197).
More recent efforts have been made in picking out materials with low thermal conductivity from wide bandgap materials by reducing the dimensions of crystal structures, using anisotropy to resolve the conflict between thermal and electrical conductivity, and developing new thermoelectric materials. The team discovered high thermal conductivity in 3D cubic-type structures of PbTe, PbSe and SnTe. As the crystal structure dimensionality decreases, the thermal conductivity also declines because of the enhanced phonon scattering. For chain-like 1D BiSeX, the weak ionic bonding of Bi and halogens further reduces the thermal conductivity and forms the soft 1D crystal structure, which means that the chemical bonding along all three crystallographic directions is weak and leads to a quasi-0D crystal structure. This special structure features a thermal conductivity of ~ 0.27 Wm-1K-1. The number is significantly lower than that of the compounds exhibiting intrinsically low thermal conductivity (Fig. 2) and approaches the theoretical minimal thermal conductivity.

Fig. 2 (a) The thermal conductivities of IV-VI compounds show a decreasing trend as the crystal structure dimension decreases from 3D, 2D to 1D, and the soft 1D crystal structure further reduces the thermal conductivity of BiSeBr and BiSeI. (b) The thermal conductivities of BiSeBr and BiSeI are obviously lower than other compounds with low thermal conductivity and approach the theoretical minimal thermal conductivity.
Comparison of 2D slabs in Bi2Se3, 1D chain in Sb2Se3 and 1D chain in BiSeX (Fig. 3) showed that the weak ionic bonding of Bi and halogens leads to stronger anharmonicity, lower phonon velocity and larger atom displacements (proven by neutron powder-diffraction measurements and STEM). Illustrating a new way to find low thermal conductivity among materials with 1D crystal structure, the current research may have wide applications in fields requiring this quality, such as thermal barrier coatings and thermoelectric materials.

Fig. 3 Schematic diagrams and the corresponding crystal structures of (a, d) 2D slabs in Bi2Se3, (b, e) 1D chain in Sb2Se3 and (c, f) 1D chain with migration of halogens in BiSeI and their (j–l) projected electronic localization functions (ELF) along the chain. The isosurface level of ELF is 0.9.
The first authors of the research are Wang Dongyang, who received his PhD in materials science from Beihang University in 2020, and Huang Zhiwei, a post-doctoral fellow in the team of Prof. Zhao Lidong, the corresponding author.
This work was supported by the National Key Research and Development Program of China, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the National Science Foundation for Distinguished Young Scholars, Beijing Natural Science Foundation, China Postdoctoral Science Foundation Grant, 111 Project, etc.


Reported by the WeChat Official Account of Hangxiaoxuan
Edited by Chen Shuo and Shi Yue
Translated by Li Mingzhu


Moreinformation:
The article (SCIENCE CHINA Materials, 63 (2020) 1759-1768):
http://engine.scichina.com/doi/10.1007/s40843-020-1407-x
Report byScience (Science, 368 (2020) 1325):
https://science.sciencemag.org/content/sci/368/6497/twil.full.pdf
Introduction to Prof. Zhao’s team：
http://shi.buaa.edu.cn/zhaolidong/zh_CN/index.htm
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:504
TITLE:Beihang Undergraduate Xiong Menghan Honored with iF Design Talent Award 2018
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2388.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Undergraduate Xiong Menghan Honored with iF Design Talent Award 2018
                

                    Release time：January 21, 2019 / Li Siying
                


Instructed by Ms.Yan Shuo, Xiong Menghan, a senior student majoring in visual communication from the School of New Media Art and Design won the iF Design Talent Award 2018 with her design “Quiet MUSIC”.
Her work centers on “Smart Care”, which is one of the four competition topics of the iF Design Talent Award 2018. Out of concern for the hearing impaired, she designed the Appcessory which transforms different types of music into all kinds of color schemes and motion graphics. The Appcessory connects at the same time to the intelligent devices that translate the rhythm of music into the tactile feel. Thereby, the hearing impaired can also perceive different emotions, rhythms, and types of music.
The work is to be on one-year display in the iF Design Show in Hamburg, Germany, and to be shown permanently on the iF Design app.


The iF Design Award was set up in 1953. As one of the world's most celebrated and valued design competitions, it is organized by the iF International Forum Design GmbH every year. The iF Design Talent Award provides a trustworthy stage for young designers to show their competence at the beginning of their careers.
 
Reported by Jia Guoli
Reviewed by Dong Pingping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:505
TITLE:Joint Exhibition of Coursework by Students from School of New Media Art and Design Held at Beihang Art Gallery
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3034.htm
TEXT:
Joint Exhibition of Coursework by Students from School of New Media Art and Design Held at Beihang Art Gallery
                

                    Release time：April 1, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


A joint exhibition of coursework by the 2018 undergraduate students from School of New Media Art and Design was held at Beihang Art Gallery. The show was open to students, faculty, and the public from March 22 to 27.


The works were presented in many ways, including spray painting display boards, designed physical books and video screening. The authors also wrote about their concepts and experience in designing. The exhibition was not only an event through which students can display what they have learned, but also an opportunity for the faculty and other students to have more knowledge about art and design, further creating an aesthetic education environment in the university.






Reported by Song Zehui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Wang Qun
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:506
TITLE:Second Satellite Navigation Short-Term Training Activity of the China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center Carried out in Sudan
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2459.htm
TEXT:
Second Satellite Navigation Short-Term Training Activity of the China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center Carried out in Sudan
                

                    Release time：September 30, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


From September 24 to 25, Beihang University held the second satellite navigation short-term training activity of the China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center in Sudan, which was supported by China Satellite Navigation Office and Arab Information and Communication Technology Organization.
Deputy Director of China Satellite Navigation Office, Ma Jiaqing and Secretary General of Arab Information and Communication Technology Organization Mohammed Ben Amor declared the training activity open. On behalf of the BeiDou International Exchange and Training Center, Yang Dongkai, Professor of the School of Electronic and Information Engineering and Wu Falin, Associate Professor of the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering participated in the activity and hosted BDS/GNSS training with Arab Information and Communication Technology Organization.
Six experts from Beihang University, China Agricultural University, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Mechanization Sciences, China North Industries Corporation and ComNav Technology Limited Company introduced technologies including the state and applications of the BDS, Beidou Ground-Based Augmentation System and its high-precision applications, Beidou high-precision products, precision agriculture and modern agricultural cloud service based on the BDS to more than 160 students hailing from five countries in the League of Arab States, in order to make the users there understand Beidou and its application in intelligent agriculture better. The introduction also helped publicize BDS in the Arab region.
China-Arab States BDS/GNSS Center was set up by China Satellite Navigation Office and Arab Information and Communication Technology Organization in Tunisia in April, 2018, to promote China-Arab friendship, foster professionals in the field of satellite navigation with African and Arab countries and advance the application of BDS in nations along the Belt and Road.
This activity has been reported by Sudan Daily and Sudan TV, and won praise from various sides. Student representatives showed interest in the BDS and its applications, and strongly desired to make use of the BDS to improve agricultural productivity and develop intelligent agriculture.
 
Reported by Jin Tian
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:507
TITLE:Progress Made in Thermoelectric Materials by Team of Prof. Zhao Lidong
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2531.htm
TEXT:
Progress Made in Thermoelectric Materials by Team of Prof. Zhao Lidong
                

                    Release time：May 28, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


  

On May 18, 2018, the team led by Prof. Zhao Lidong from the School of Materials Science and Engineering published their latest findings about thermoelectric materials online in Science. Entitled “3D charge and 2D phonon transports leading to high out-of-plane ZT in n-type SnSe crystals”, the research brought the charge transport through layered n-type SnSe (3D charge transport) into reality by making use of the lowest thermal conductivity in layered SnSe crystals in the out-of-plane direction (two-dimensional (2D) phonon transport) and doping SnSe with bromine to enhance the hybridization of delocalized electrons. Such “2D phonon /3D charge” transports significantly enhance the thermoelectric performance of n-type SnSe, offering new insights into new efficient thermoelectric materials—2D layered ones (Science360 (2018) 778-783).
Heat can be converted to electricity by semiconductor materials. This technology has the advantages of small-sized systems, high reliability, zero emission and a wide range of operating temperatures, attracting wide attention in the field of clean energy. Thermoelectric conversion technology is also irreplaceable in deep space exploration and space probes. The efficiency of thermoelectric conversion is a key indicator for the performance of thermoelectric materials, and it is determined by the materials figure of merit ZT. However, the complicated interplay among different parameters makes it a great challenge to achieve high ZT. For a long time, application of materials with low thermal conductivity and ways to lower the conductivity have been two directions in increasing ZT.
After discovering the strong nonresonant effect (Nature508 (2014) 373-377) and complicated multiple valence band structure (Science351 (2016) 141-144) of SnSe, Prof. Zhao’s team have been focusing on research into SnSe materials, especially the transports of phonons and electrons in 2D layered bulk materials (Adv.Mater.29 (2017) 1702676). They observed strong phonon scattering effect in the 2D interface of layered SnSe (Fig. 1 (A)), which results in low out-of-plane thermal conductivity (theoretical minimum of ~0.18 W/mK at 773K). Based on this, high thermoelectric performance will be realized if high electrical conductivity can be achieved in this direction.
In a simplified version of ZT proposed by the team, the increase of electrical conductivity requires the simultaneous optimization of carrier mobility and effective mass. At 800K, there is a phase transition from Pnma to Cmcm in SnSe, based on which light conduction bands and heavy conduction bands go through a process of degeneracy convergence (increasing effective mass and reducing carrier mobility) and degeneracy removal convergence (doing the opposite) by the adjustment of the concentration of doping electrons. The process optimizes the product of carrier mobility and effective mass (Fig. 1(B)) and helps SnSe maintain a high electrical conductivity within the range of operating temperatures.
According to the comparison between n-type SnSe and p-type SnSe in which electrons and holes are doped, delocalized Sn and Se p electrons near the conduction band minimum (CBM) contribute to more orbital overlap along the out-of-plane direction, and the charge density of n-type SnSe will be high enough to fill the interlayer gap, turning out-of-plane transports of electrons into reality (Fig. 1(C)).

Fig. 1   “2D phonon/3D charge” transports remarkably boost the thermoelectric performance of n-type SnSe.
To put it simply, the layered structure of the intrinsic SnSe is like a wall that stops the transport of both phonons and holes. Delocalized electrons of the conduction bands increase the charge density and customize a passage for electrons between different walls (Fig. 2) when heavy electrons are doped with SnSe. High charge density, as well as structural changes of energy bands and increased symmetry in the crystal structure caused by a continuous phase transition, contributes to the outstanding out-of-plane electrical conductivity of SnSe. At a temperature over 700K, the out-of-plane “3D change” transport properties in n-type SnSe are comparable to those along the in-plane direction. The “2D phonon/3D charge” transport properties improved the thermoelectric performance of n-type SnSe greatly (thanks to the third-party reports issued by Netzsch and Cryoall).

Fig. 2   “2D phonon /3D charge” transports: (a) The electrons of the conduction bands are delocalized, increasing the charge density and offering a passage for electrons, while phonons and holes are stopped by the interlayers. (b) The plane (phonon) unrestricted by the track is stopped by hills (interlayers), the train (electron) can go through the tunnel, and the car (hole) cannot go into the tunnel because it does not match the track.
Collaborators of the research include the teams of Prof. Huang Jiaqing (co-corresponding author of the paper), Prof. Huang Li and Prof. Wang Kedong of Southern University of Science and Technology, the team of Prof. Li Jingfeng of Tsinghua University, Zhu Fangyuan, an associate research fellow of Shanghai Institute of Applied Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and the team of Prof. Chen Yue of the University of Hong Kong. The work was supported by the  National Natural Science Foundation of China, Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission, Plan 111 of the Ministry of Education, the Ten Thousand Talents Plan, etc.
 
The Paper: http://science.sciencemag.org/content/360/6390/778
Introduction of Prof. Zhao: http://shi.buaa.edu.cn/zhaolidong/zh_CN/index.htm
 
Reported by Xiao Jie
Edited by Wang Qing and Li Mingzhu
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:508
TITLE:Beihang-Developed Fengru-3 Sets New Flight Endurance World Record
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2270.htm
TEXT:
Beihang-Developed Fengru-3 Sets New Flight Endurance World Record
                

                    Release time：October 8, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On October 3, after a non-stop flight of 30 hours, 6 minutes and 42 seconds, Fengru-3, a type of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) developed by Beihang students, set a world record in flight endurance for oil-powered UAVs with 25-100kg maximum take-off weight (MTOW). The UAV was independently developed, produced and manufactured by over 30 freshmen and sophomores from Beijing College and Fengru College of Beihang University. Wong, Tay Kay Keith, Official Observer of Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) validated the flight on the spot and the claim would be officially approved by FAI.


Fengru-3 adopts the conventional tailplane configuration. The length of its wingspan is about 10 meters. The body of the UAV is black, with the national flag and Beihang’s logo painted on the tail fin. It uses high-strength composite materials and has a rear-mounted propeller. The UAV with full tank of fuel weighs 75.44kg.
The record-setting Fengru-3 serves as a tribute to the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China as well as the 110 anniversary of China’s aviation history (also the debut flight of Fengru-1) by Beihang students with an average age of less than 20.

The record was made at the Anyang Aero Sport School subordinated to the General Administration of Sport of China. Fengru-3, flying at a height of 300 meters above the ground for over 30 hours with the fuel initially stored (no refueling is allowed), established a new flight endurance world record in its class.





 

Reported by Guo Weifeng and Liu Han
Reviewed by Yang Chao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:509
TITLE:Academician Jiang Lei Honored with Qiu Shi Outstanding Scientist Award 2018
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2470.htm
TEXT:
Academician Jiang Lei Honored with Qiu Shi Outstanding Scientist Award 2018
                

                    Release time：September 17, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 2018 Qiu Shi Award presentation ceremony, sponsored by Hong Kong Qiu Shi Science & Technologies Foundation and co-organized by the University of Science & Technology of China, announced a number of awards including the Qiu Shi Outstanding Scientist Award, Qiu Shi Outstanding Scientific Research Team Award, etc., in the University of Science & Technology of China on the evening of September 15th.
Academician Jiang Lei, Dean of the School of Chemistry of Beihang University, won the 2018 Qiu Shi Outstanding Scientist Award. The Qiu Shi Foundation Chairman Zha Maosheng and Consultant Sun Jiadong presented the award for him. Professor Chen Xinzi, representative of the Qiu Shi Awards-selection committee in the field of Chemistry, introduced Prof. Jiang’s outstanding achievements in related research fields at the ceremony.

Prof. Jiang was the Chief Scientist of Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Biomedical Engineering. He was successively elected as a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 2009, a member of the World Academy of Sciences for the advancement of science in developing countries in 2012, and a member of foreign academician of the American Academy of Engineering in 2016.
Prof. Jiang is a well-known expert in nanomaterials and mainly researches into the synthesis and preparation of bioinspired intelligent interfacial materials in multidisciplinary sciences. He put forward the new idea on “binary synergistic effects of nanometer interface materials”, revealed the mechanism of superhydrophobic surface of organisms, directed the controlled synthesis of related biomimetic materials, and made systematic innovations in the preparation and properties of superhydrophobic functional materials. He also attaches great importance to the application of his research results to real life problems, such as the unpumped water purification and the water collection network in desert areas.
The Hong Kong Qiu Shi Science & Technologies Foundation was established by Mr. CHA Chi Ming in 1994. The primary mission of the Foundation is to promote scientific and technological progress in China by recognizing and rewarding successful Chinese scientists and scholars. The Foundation’s advisory board consists of a group of distinguished and internationally acclaimed scientists. From 1994 to 2018, Qiu Shi Awards have been bestowed upon 337 outstanding Chinese scientists, representing the fields of mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, engineering and so on. Respectively, 1 individual has been honored with the Qiu Shi Lifetime Achievement Award, 29 for the Outstanding Scientist Award, 181 for the Outstanding Young Scholar Award, and 126 for the Outstanding Scientific Research Team Award.
 
Reported by Cheng Qunfeng
Edited by Shi Yue and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:510
TITLE:UPM Rector Guillermo Cisneros Visits Beihang and Signs Cooperation Agreement on Joint Doctoral Training 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2360.htm
TEXT:
UPM Rector Guillermo Cisneros Visits Beihang and Signs Cooperation Agreement on Joint Doctoral Training
                

                    Release time：April 4, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


 
On the afternoon of April 2, a delegation led by Prof. Guillermo Cisneros, Rector of Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (UPM), Prof. José Miguel Atienza, Vice-rector of UPM in charge of personnel training and foreign affairs and Prof. Asunción Gómez, Vice-rector of UPM for scientific research, visited Beihang University. Beihang President Xu Huibin and Vice President Huang Haijun met the guests at the conference center of New Main Building, together with relevant representatives from the International Division, the School of Materials Science and Engineering, the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, etc.

In his speech, President Xu Huibin extended his warm welcome to Rector Guillermo Cisneros for his visit to Beihang. He noted that since the two universities established partnership in 2007, 267 students had been exchanged for learning or double degree training, and scientific research cooperation in the multidisciplinary domain had also been carried out. He hoped that the two universities could further deepen their scientific research cooperation in key fields and implement joint and dual degree programmes in postgraduate training in the future.

Rector Guillermo Cisneros expressed his willingness to further deepen the cooperative relationship with Beihang, promote the in-depth scientific research cooperation in such fields as materials and artificial intelligence, and strengthen the people-to-people exchanges between the two universities.

Following that, the two sides discussed the construction plan of “China-Spain Joint Research Center for Advanced Materials” which was jointly built by Beihang University, UPM, and several other Chinese and western universities, research institutions and enterprises, and the establishment of “Joint Research Center for Robotics and Artificial Intelligence”. Both sides agreed to actively promote cooperation in scientific research and talent training in various fields such as materials, artificial intelligence, robotics, electronics and automation by relying on these joint research centers.
After the talks, President Xu Huibin and Rector Guillermo Cisneros, on behalf of the two universities, signed “Beihang-UPM Agreement on Joint Doctoral Training” and a joint master's degree training agreement in the field of information science and technology, laying a good foundation for deepening cooperation in personnel training.

During their stay, the delegates visited the Beijing Air and Space Museum and the National Key Laboratory of CNS/ATM at Beihang University.
Founded in 1971, the Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (UPM) is a famous polytechnic university in Europe, as well as a strategic partner of Beihang University in Spain. Together with Beihang, the university is a member of the Top Industrial Managers for Europe (T.I.M.E.).

Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:511
TITLE:Beihang Students Go to Summer School of University of Canterbury
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2554.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Go to Summer School of University of Canterbury
                

                    Release time：March 2, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Recently, 15 students from 11 schools of Beihang University, including the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering and Shen Yuan Honors College, went to the University of Canterbury in New Zealand for a two-week summer school.
During the fortnight, these students fully devoted themselves to learning of theories and carried out various practical researches. Focusing on “Re-Imagining the City”, the summer school’s theme about post-earthquake city reconstruction, the students researched into the reconstruction plans of Christchurch. They finished the project research and brought up innovative plans, some of which were recommended to the Christchurch City Council for further discussion. 


Professors from the University of Canterbury taught the relevant theories about the post-earthquake reconstruction of Christchurch to the students, who worked in groups to investigate related topics like urban resilience and community construction through surveys and literature review. 
The students also visited landmarkers of Christchurch, including Cathedral damaged in the 2011 earthquake, the Arts Centre and the Canterbury Museum. Besides, they took part in diverse activities like “Green House” club discussion and “Filler of City Blanks”.
Meanwhile, Beihang students brainstormed with Canterbury students, had a taste of the local culture, learned the local language, and received training in innovation and entrepreneurship. Apart from study, they also went to farms in the suburbs of New Zealand and Castle Hill to acquaint themselves with the development of animal and crop husbandry in New Zealand.
Lianne Dalziel, Mayor of Christchurch, and Jimmy Chen, a councillor of the Christchurch City Council, affably received the teachers and students from Beihang University and gave them a brief introduction of the history and culture of Christchurch. There were also exchanges and discussions about post-disaster reconstruction and city development between the two sides.


During the two weeks, the rich and intensive curriculum broadened the horizon of the students and improved their capability of innovation and practice in a multicultural atmosphere. Their wisdom and charisma were also well demonstrated. 
Founded in 1873, the University of Canterbury is a celebrated research university, and also the second oldest university in New Zealand. It has five colleges, covering arts, business, education, engineering, science, etc, among which College of Engineering is the first of its kind in New Zealand and has the most comprehensive curriculum of engineering in the country. Its alumni include Ernest Rutherford, the father of nuclear physics and the 1908 Nobel Laureate in Chemistry. 
Released by Han GengTranslated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:512
TITLE:Agreement on Cooperatively Establishing Sino-French University of Aeronautics Signed at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2276.htm
TEXT:
Agreement on Cooperatively Establishing Sino-French University of Aeronautics Signed at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 24, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University and Olivier Chansou, President of École Nationale de l'Aviation Civil (ENAC) signed a cooperation agreement on jointly establishing a Sino-French University of Aeronautics on the morning of September 19. The signing ceremony was witnessed by Vice Presidents Huang Haijun and Zhang Guang, heads from International Division, Office of Admission and Career Development and Domestic Cooperation Division, and Kirsty Tan, Director of International Program at ENAC.

On behalf of Beihang, President Xu Huibin extended a warm welcome to President Chansou and expressed his appreciation for all efforts made by ENAC in establishing the new university. Following that, President Xu made a thorough introduction to the latest progress in cooperation with Hangzhou government. He also expressed his willingness to promote all-round cooperation with ENAC. Taking advantage of the superior resources of the two universities, Beihang and ENAC would work hard to build the Sino-French University of Aeronautics into a world-class institution of higher education, cultivating more high-level talents in aeronautics and civil aviation.
Looking back to the cooperation progress made since the signing of the cooperative education memorandum in January 2018, President Chansou thought highly of the contributions Beihang had made and stressed that ENAC would work together with Beihang and the local government to build an international, innovative and first-class university.
Beihang and ENAC signed the memorandum and reached an agreement on the cooperation in establishing a new university that is high-level, international and equipped with a new mechanism in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province in January 2018. In April 2019, Beihang University, Department of Education of Zhejiang Province and Hangzhou Municipal Government reached a framework agreement, deciding to cooperate in establishing a new aeronautical university in Hangzhou. The signing of this agreement further proved that the two universities would strengthen cooperation in education and had agreed on the mission, goal, major issues and plans of cooperative education, which marked a new stage of the Sino-French University of Aeronautics.


Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:513
TITLE:Choir Competition of 7th Beihang Student Art Festival Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2341.htm
TEXT:
Choir Competition of 7th Beihang Student Art Festival Held
                

                    Release time：May 5, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


On April 26, the Choir Competition of the 7th Beihang Student Art Festival was held at the Yongman Theater of the Shahe Campus in celebration of the 70th anniversary and the centennial of the May 4th Movement. Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee, attended the event.
The competition was organized as a platform for Beihang students to inherit and spread the spirit of the May 4th movement and to sing their songs of this new era. In this way, the students could understand the charm of choirs through personal experiences and be one step closer to the goal of all-round development.


All the teams prepared carefully and did their best, infusing the spirit of the May 4th Movement—patriotism, progress, democracy and science—into their resonant and enthusiastic singing. After two rounds of performances, the team from the Zhixing College won the first prize of the competition with Qing Chun Wu Qu (Dance of Youth), which embodied their youthful spirit, and Come to the Music, a brisk and attractive song.
The second prizes were awarded to the team of the School of Electronic and Information Engineering and the joint team of the School of Economics and Management and the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering. In the first round, the team of the School of Electronic and Information Engineering chose Ba Qing Chun Liu Zai Zhe Li (Leave My Youth Here) to express their ambition, and the joint team sang their longing for a beautiful life in Ban Ge Yue Liang Pa Shang Lai (The Crescent Moon Rises). The two teams won great applause from the audience withtheir shows of Li Hua You Kai Fang (Pear Trees Bloom Again) and Da Yu (Big Fish) respectively in the second round.
The third prize winners were the joint team of the School of Computer Science and Engineering and the School of Software, the joint team of the School of Energy and Power Engineering and the School of Astronautics, and the Chorus of the Shijia College. Their performances of Ba Qing Chun Liu Zai Zhe Li (Leave My Youth Here), Bu Wang Chu Xin (Stay True to the Mission) and Xiang Jian De Xiao Lu (On Country Lanes) showed their own styles and strong artistic appeal.


The competition was hosted by the Committee of the Communist Youth League of Beihang University and organized by the Flight College. 8 small choirs and 20 big choirs (nearly 1,000 students) from all the schools and colleges, took part in it. Although the grand scenes and engaging songs have become memories, the great spirit of the May 4th Movement will be passed down by generations of Beihangers.

Reported by Zhao Yuan
Reviewed by Zhi Yuanyuan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:514
TITLE:International Conference on the Role of Internationalization Strategies in Building a World-Class University Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2333.htm
TEXT:
International Conference on the Role of Internationalization Strategies in Building a World-Class University Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：May 20, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


From May 14 to 16, International Conference on the Role of Internationalization Strategies in Building a World-Class University, sponsored by Beihang University and supported by Erasmus+ Program, was held at the second conference hall of New Main Building. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun delivered opening remarks at the opening ceremony. Some leading scholars in the field of higher education, directors in charge of internationalization affairs and global university leaders were invited to make speeches. Over 130 representatives from 76 universities or higher education organizations in 17 countries attended the meeting.

At the conference
Themed with “The Role of Internationalization Strategies in Building a World-Class University”, the attendees discussed the key challenges of internationalization of advanced education in the construction of “Double First-Class” universities, as well as how to build world-class universities through internationalization strategies. The conference was divided into several parts.
On the morning of May 15, Prof. Li Deyu, Chief of International Division hosted the opening ceremony. After that, Vice President Huan Haijun expressed his gratitude and welcome to the Erasmus+ Program and partner universities. He pointed out that internationalization has become an essential approach to building world-class universities during the age of globalization. Beihang attached great importance to internationalization, and wished to cooperate with various universities around the world for mutual development. At the same time, the conference was also an opportunity to strengthen the academic exchange among those universities and construction of “Double First-Class” universities.

Vice President Huang Haijun was delivering a speech
Then, Prof. Lei Qing, Deputy Dean of the Institute for Advanced Studies in Humanities and Social Sciences, hosted the plenary session. Prof. Teichler gave a report titled “Internationalization in Higher Education: Common Challenges? Varied Conditions? Varied Solutions.” He reviewed some main researches on internationalization of higher education, and teased out different modes of it. Moreover, he confirmed the great contribution of internationalization to talent cultivation and university construction, and presented some suggestions on its research and practice.

Prof. Teichler was giving a report
Ms. Li Qing, Deputy Secretary General of China Scholarship Council (CSC), introduced the CSC scholarships and key measures to promote the internationalized cultivation of postgraduates.

Li Qing was delivering a speech
Lyu Ying, Deputy Chief of International Division, elaborated the internationalization strategy and achievements of Beihang in the process of international cooperation. Prof. Vicenc Fernanez, the representative of Erasmus+ Program introduced its basic information, latest developments and achievements. Prof. Anthony Welch from the University of Sydney and Prof. Huang Futao from Hiroshima University expounded the relationship between internationalization and international competitiveness of universities by focusing on the major initiatives in the internationalization of higher education in China and Japan.

On the afternoon of May 15, the two forums, “Internationalization of Chinese Universities” and “Trends and Experiences in Internationalization of Global Higher Education”, were held at New Main Building. Prof. Ma Yonghong from the Institute for Advanced Studies in Humanities and Social Sciences and Prof. Huang Futao hosted them respectively. Some scholars in the field of internationalization of higher education and managers from ten universities in six countries delivered reports, and the participants had a heated discussion.

The forum

The forum
During the plenary panel discussion, six scholars and managers gave their views on the future internationalization of higher education and the construction of world-class universities. Finally, Prof. Li Deyu expressed the appreciation for the participation and contribution of the attendees and declared the meeting over.

The plenary panel discussion
The conference brought together the leading scholars and managers in the field of internationalization of higher education. They presented a number of new ideas of great significance about internationalization of higher education, the construction of world-class universities and so on. This conference has advanced the international academic exchanges and cooperation in higher education, provided valuable reference for the construction of “Double First-class” universities, and promoted the international influence of Beihang University.

A group photo of participants

Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Photographed by Zhang Dengke
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:515
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Three Gold Medals in ICPC Asia Kunming Regional Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3282.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Three Gold Medals in ICPC Asia Kunming Regional Contest
                

                    Release time：May 5, 2022 / Wen Li
                


The 46th ICPC Asia Kunming Contest was held in Kunming recently. Twelve students from four teams of Beihang University participated in the contest online.
After five hours of grueling competition, Beihang students bagged three gold medals, ranking top 3 among all participating universities. The three gold medal-winning teams are: the team made up of Pan Tianwei from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Hao Zeyu from the School of Software and Liu Jiarui from the School of Cyber Science and Technology; the team made up of Wang Yulong and Quan Shanghaoran from Beihang School and Wu Zhanyu from the School of Computer Science and Engineering; the team made up of Lei Xiangyi from the School of Astronautics, Fan Jiahao and Ding Jiawei from ShenYuan Honors College.

ICPC Kunming Regional Contest is the sixth regional contest this year, with 889 teams from 317 universities including Tsinghua University, Peking University, Beihang University, etc., participating in the contest online.
ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest (ACM-ICPC) is the world’s largest and highest-attended top-level programming competition for college students. Known as the “Olympic Games” in the IT industry, the contest aims to enable students to fully demonstrate their ability to analyze and solve problems with computers. The contest is held once a year and this year witnesses the 46th contest. In the season of 2021-2022, ACM-ICPC has six regionals in east Asia, which are held in Jinan, Shenyang, Shanghai, Nanjing, Macau, and Kunming, respectively. The Asia-East Continent Final will be held in Xi’an after the regionals.
At Beihang University, the ACM-ICPC competition is guided by the Department of Academic Affairs and organized by the School of Software, attracting undergraduate and graduate students from all schools. Founded in 2005, the ACM Training Team of Beihang University organizes a university-level competition on program design each year to select ACM contestants while improving students’ programming skills.
ICPC regional contests are held roughly once a week and usually last for half a year. Universities that are promoted in regional contests and Asia-East Continent Final will be qualified to compete in the World Final of ICPC next year.


Reported by Cui Shaoke
Reviewed by Zhang Desheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:516
TITLE:Beihang-ENSAM Workshop Held in Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2548.htm
TEXT:
Beihang-ENSAM Workshop Held in Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 22, 2018 / Li Siying
                


On March 20, a two-day workshop focused on the advanced production and manufacturing in the digital era was held in Beihang University, which also celebrated the 30th anniversary of the cooperative partnership between Beihang and the Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Arts et Métiers (ENSAM).
Among the guests were Ivan Iordanoff, ENSAM Vice President of Scientific Research, Julien Bonnet and Xavier Bressaud, separately Economic Counselor and science and technology specialist from the French Embassy in Beijing, Fodil Meraghni, Dean of Graduate School of ENSAM, as well as a group of French business representatives. Some faculty members of Beihang also participated in the workshop.   
Vice President Huang Haijun extended his warm welcome to his counterpart of ENSAM. He recalled the fruitful cooperation on talent cultivation and scientific research between the two universities since the year of 1987, and introduced Beihang’s recent developments in education, scientific research and efforts towards the internalization. Mr. Iordanoff thanked him for the warm welcome, and briefed the attendees on the current scientific and teaching status-quo of the ENSAM. He also conveyed the hope for both sides to deepen the ties after 30 years of cooperation. The hope was appreciated by Mr. Julien Bonnet.
The two sides exchanged their views concerning such issues as scientific research cooperation, exchange of teachers, and joint cultivation of students. Both agreed to work on the issues raised above with great endeavor.    
From the afternoon of March 20 to March 21, the two universities jointly held the Workshop of the Advanced Production and Manufacturing in the Digital Era. Experts from both sides presented 12 keynote speeches centering on the latest developments in the fields like discrete element model of complex behaviors of mechanical dynamic system, the molding processing technology of materials, application of augmented reality in product assembly, optimization of production system, non-destructive testing (NDT) technology, manufacturing system simulation, and so on. The experts also communicated with the graduates attending the seminar.   
Founded in 1780, the world-renown engineer school Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Arts et Métier is one of the founder universities of ParisTech. It is famous for its three-year engineer education and excellence in automobile manufacturing, engineering, mechanics and dynamics. The university has now jointly cultivated over 30 graduates and exchanged 47 students with Beihang University.  
 
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:517
TITLE:6th International Summer School Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2294.htm
TEXT:
6th International Summer School Held
                

                    Release time：July 30, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                



On July 26, all classes of Beihang University International Summer School 2019 came to an end, which marked the success of the program.

Opening ceremony of the summer school
The opening ceremony of the 6th International Summer School of Beihang University was held on June 30 at Ruxin Lecture Hall. It was attended by leaders of the Office of Academic Affairs, International Division, Youth League Committee, International School, the School of Beijing and so on. Speakers at the ceremony included Wang Zulin, Director of the Office of Academic Affairs and the representative of the university, as well as the representatives of Chinese and foreign students, volunteers and teachers.

Students of the summer school displayed their work
The four-week International Summer School is a popular exchange and learning program offering quality courses to undergraduates of Beihang and its partner universities. This year, its participants included 2,477 Beihang students and 277 students from foreign universities, who could choose from 95 courses in different fields, such as coding, control of dynamic system, management and leadership, and Chinese cultural landscape.

Students of the summer school took part in cultural exchange activities
The summer school program is aimed at facilitating cultural exchanges, sparking scientific and technological inspiration, improving the level of internationalization of teaching and learning, and providing a platform for teachers and students from Chinese and foreign universities to exchange views and learn from each other. It helps raise the profile of Beihang University around the world and contributes to its internationalization, serving as a vivid example of “working together to build a community of shared future for mankind”.

Reported by Zhou You
Reviewed by Wang Zulin
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:518
TITLE:5th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2399.htm
TEXT:
5th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
                

                    Release time：December 29, 2018 / Li Siying
                


With the aim of developing Beihang University as a world-class university rooted in China, the 5th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held at the Vision International Cultural Exchange Center on November 22 and 23.
The forum was hosted by Beihang University and co-organized by Human Resource Department and International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science of Beihang University.
Over 100 young scholars attended the forum from such top universities as Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Yale University, Cambridge University, Oxford University, National University of Singapore, University of Technology Sydney, University of Tokyo, and Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.

At the forum
The opening ceremony of the forum was hosted by Wang Yunpeng, Vice President of Beihang University. Deputy Party Secretary Cheng Jiwei delivered a speech on behalf of Beihang in which he expressed his congratulations to the successful opening of the forum and his warm welcome to the young talents. He said it has been a tradition in Beihang for famous scholars to devote themselves to the field of aeronautics and astronautics, which has been passed on from generation to generation for over 60 years, contributing to the prosperity of the nation. It is always looking for more talents to join the university.

Deputy Party Secretary Cheng Jiwei delivering a speech
Vice President Fang Jiancheng issued certificates for the scholars who gave reports at the forum, hoping that the their exchange at the forum will unleash innovative power and lead to more achievements in the future.
Later, Vice President Fang made a report on the development of higher education of New China and the changes of Beihang University since its establishment. Catering for the strategic demands of the nation, Beihang University has developed a mode of scientific and technological innovation with its own characteristics. He also extended warm welcome to the young talents worldwide.

Vice President Fang Jiancheng delivering his speech
Professor Shi Chuang give a report on the high-accuracy positioning of Beidou and its applications; Professor Sun Yanming on organic photoelectric functional materials and devices, and Professor Chang Lingqian on single cell gene therapy and analysis on nano-electroporation chip.
During the two-day forum, various schools of Beihang University held all kinds of communication activities to introduce their academic performances and development plans.
 
Reported by Shi Jingxia and Li Zhen
Photographed by Li Laiquan
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:519
TITLE:Beihang Honored with Seven State Science and Technology Awards
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2220.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Honored with Seven State Science and Technology Awards
                

                    Release time：January 10, 2020 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang professors accepted seven State Science and Technology awards at the annual National Science and Technology award ceremony held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on January 10th.

Of Beihang’s seven awards, one 1st prize was the State Technological Invention Award won by a project led by Zhang Jun; one 2nd prize in the State Technological Invention Award was nabbed by a project led by Cai Guobiao; five 2nd prizes in the State Science and Technology Progress Award went to projects led by Zhang Hu, Zhu Yanbo, Li Bo, Yang Shichun, and Zhang Chunxi, respectively.
In recent years, Beihang has made relentless efforts to boost China’s social progress by exploring cutting-edge technology and carrying out scientific research and innovation. Beihang has won a total of 15 1st prizes of State Science and Technology Awards since 2004.


Reported by Tao Fei
Reviewed by Wang Rongqiao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:520
TITLE:Enjoyable Time: Series of Activities of Beihang Summer School Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2491.htm
TEXT:
Enjoyable Time: Series of Activities of Beihang Summer School Held
                

                    Release time：August 1, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


From July 17th to July 21st, the School of Beijing of Beihang University organized about 210 international students to participate in practical activities at the Summer Palace, the Capital Museum and Badaling Great Wall in groups in order to help them know more about Beijing and to accommodate to the study and life at Beihang.
The Summer Palace is an imperial garden in Qing Dynasty. Famous for the ingeniously combined design of architecture and landscape, it amazed the students with its pleasant scenery. They rambled through the corridor, climbed up the Longevity Hill, walked on Seventeen-Arch Bridge, and canoed across the lake, leaving behind a string of laughter. There is no high-rise in the Summer Palace. The quiet lake, the green tree, the blue sky and the scattered pavilions, delighted the students in the rainy day.


A huge traditional memorial archway of Peking characteristics stands at the hall of the Capital Museum. In the museum, the exhibits of several decades, hundreds, even thousands of years ago are still full of vigor. These pieces of precious collections, such as vivid Buddha statues, ancient jade wares and impressive scrolls, all displayed the wisdom of traditional Peking people as well as the bright Chinese culture to the international students.


As the old saying goes, “He who doesn't reach the Great Wall is not a true man.” On July 21st, all international students and volunteers went to the Great Wall by bus. The dragon-like construction stretches all the way to the horizon. The rugged grey wall demonstrated the sweat of the laboring people. 


On the night of July 27th, the School of Beijing hosted the evening party with the theme of “Authentic Beijing & New Youth” to promote the cultural exchange between Chinese students and foreign students, and enhance the friendship among the students from all over the world. Foreign students from different countries staged plentiful shows, including the chorus with national characteristics, the guitar playing of beautiful melodies, and the traditional Chinese Guzheng performance. The games with Chinese characteristics, such as passing flowers while beating drums, musical chairs and making dumplings, were warmly welcomed by overseas students. The prize draw was the climax of the party. Students cheered at the gifts prepared by the School of Beijing like exquisite silk crafts, silk painting “Along the River During the Qingming Festival” and the creative cultural products of the Palace Museum.




This year, about 210 international students gathered at Beihang University International Summer School for the four weeks’ study. These students said that they were touched deeply by the enthusiasm of the Beihang students and the profound Chinese culture. The brief but impressive memory would be a precious part of their life, and they wish to be a bridge to enhance the friendship and cultural exchange between China and other countries.
Beihang University International Summer School aims to enhance the internationalization level of Beihang undergraduates and promote the internationalization work of Beihang. The series of activities of the summer school this year proved to be a success.
Reported by Tang Yun
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:521
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Prizes in 9th NCDA Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3158.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Prizes in 9th NCDA Competition
                

                    Release time：September 23, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


Recently, the 9th National College Digital Art and Design Awards (NCDA) National Finals was successfully concluded. A total of 119,785 entries by participants from 1,456 colleges and universities nationwide were submitted this year. After rounds of competitions from the school-level to the national-level in 28 different competition areas, students from the School of New Media Art and Design of Beihang University have won a number of prizes in the national finals, including one first prize, five second prizes, and five third prizes. Beihang was also honored the excellent organization award of this competition.
The 9th NCDA competition, sponsored by the Talent Exchange Center of the Ministry of Industry and InformationTechnology, is one of the five art and design competitions in the “National Ranking of Subject Competitions in General Colleges and Universities” issued by the China Association of Higher Education of the Ministry of Education, and also one of the most important competitions for the reformation of higher education and the cultivation of innovative talents. As a well-known event in the field of art and design, the competition adheres to the concept of “designing for the people and training future designers,” insisting on the equal play of both art and technology, academic value and public welfare. By calling on the students to serve the society with their profession, the competition encourages them to develop comprehensive abilities and prepare themselves to be the leading designers in the future. The School of New Media Art and Design has yielded excellent results since its taking active part in this competition in 2019.


The first prize winning entry: The Blue Pollution in the Post-Epidemic Era - Masks


Reported by Yan Shuo
Reviewed by Wang Qun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:522
TITLE:Beihang Teachers Participate in CLIL at the University of Queensland
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2241.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teachers Participate in CLIL at the University of Queensland
                

                    Release time：December 2, 2019 / Ren Chenjie
                


In September 2019, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of People’s Republic of China organized 41 teachers from seven universities to participate in a two-week Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) project at the University of Queensland in Australia. Five teachers of Beihang University, including Tan Yumin from the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, Xiao Jin from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Yang Guang from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, Zhao Danpei from the School of Astronautics and Zhou Wei from the School of Chemistry joined and obtained the certification.

As one of the universities in Australian Group of Eight, the University of Queensland firstly started the training of English-based teaching. This is the first time for Beihang University to dispatch first-tier teachers to participate in the CLIL project for the sake of further and effectively improving its teachers’ international teaching ability and English-based teaching capability.

CLIL project is designed to better practice the higher education and teaching method, develop teachers’ English ability and improve teaching skills and strategies of the teachers who take English as their teaching language in universities and colleges. Based on the three core foundations of CLIL, this project demonstrates diversified teaching forms and advanced teaching methods with patterns like case analysis, teaching practice and method guidance, exchange and sharing as well as mini-lecture show.



In two weeks, the teachers have systematically studied the three modules of CLIL, EMI and special lectures and had a deep exchange on teaching development patterns, advantages and features of their own university. With the fully demonstration of various professional backgrounds, teaching methods and styles, their English-based teaching ability has been improved while their teaching method and communication skills has been enriched, which provides a significant guidance to the practical establishment of English courses. In the foreseeable future, these teaching strategies and skills will be implemented in all respects to focus on students’ learning experience, exploring the reform of student-centered teaching mode.

 
 
Reported by Di Linzi
Reviewed by Wang Zulin
Edited by Jia Aiping and Ren Chenjie
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:523
TITLE:CHINA DAILY：Center Has Key Role in Space Tech Training
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2236.htm
TEXT:
CHINA DAILY：Center Has Key Role in Space Tech Training
                

                    Release time：December 10, 2019 / CHINA DAILY
                


BEIJING, December 10 (CHINA DAILY):
A Beijing-based United Nations organization has trained about 1,200 professionals in space science, technology and applications for dozens of nations, a Chinese space official said.

Visitors examine models of various types of Long March rockets in Changsha, Hunan province, on Tuesday. The exhibit highlights China's achievements in astronautics. [XU XING/FOR CHINA DAILY]
Wu Yanhua, deputy director of the China National Space Administration, said in Beijing on Monday that the UN Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific (China), located at Beihang University, has produced 237 master's and doctoral degree holders from 24 developing countries since 2014, when it was set up.
They studied and researched fields such as remote sensing and geoinformation systems, satellite communications, global navigation satellites, small satellites and space law and policy during their postgraduate programs at the center, Wu said, adding that the center has also organized more than 20 short-term training sessions that trained nearly 1,000 people involved in the space industries in 64 countries.
"China, as the initiating nation and the host of the regional center, always wishes to work with member states of the center and other members of the international community to utilize space science and technology education to foster sustainable development," he said.
Wu made the remarks at a ceremony in Beijing marking the fifth anniversary of the founding of the center.
With 10 member states, the regional center is the first intergovernmental educational institution in Asia and the Pacific in space science and technology. It intends to integrate educational resources in space science and technology, improve the teaching of space knowledge and applications in developing nations, and help boost sustainable development in economies and societies in the region.
Li Xinjun, secretary-general of the Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization, said that the center's training programs aim to not only cultivate professionals in space science and technology for developing countries but also enable them to develop and improve the capability to train their own space workers.
He said that the dissemination of space science and technology will help to narrow gaps in technology and wealth between developing and developed nations.
Xu Huibin, president of Beihang University, said that his university has been injecting its advantages in the research of space science and technology into the center and regularly invites distinguished scientists and experts from home and abroad to give lectures to students at the center.
Surucchawadi Seweewanlop, a Thai student at the center, said that students have many opportunities to attend workshops, engage in-depth discussion and share ideas and experience on the global governance of space technology applications.
"Although not all the activities I have engaged in are directly related to space activities, one very important principle I have crystallized from these experiences is that I realize the growing importance of space activities for the economy, for developing country strategies for the pursuit of knowledge and scientific discoveries, and for society in general," she said at the ceremony.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:524
TITLE:Beihang Signs Memorandum of Cooperation with University of Padova
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2420.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Memorandum of Cooperation with University of Padova
                

                    Release time：November 29, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


On behalf of Beihang University, President Xu Huibin recently signed Beihang-Padova Memorandum of Cooperation with the University of Padova, which signifies the official start of the university-level cooperation between the two sides. According to the memorandum, the two universities will collaborate on research cooperation, exchanges of teachers and students, joint training of doctoral students, bilateral seminars, sharing of academic information and resources.


Founded in 1222, the University of Padova is a public comprehensive research-oriented university located in Padova, Italy. As one of the oldest universities in Italy, it currently has about 58,136 students and eight schools, including the School of Science, the School of Engineering, the School of Medicine, Law School, the School of Economics and Political Science, the School of Human and Social Sciences and Cultural Heritage and so on. According to the QS World University Rankings 2019, it ranks 5th in Italy and 249th in the world. Its world ranking is 95th in the field of natural sciences and within 150th in the subjects of civil engineering, physics, biological sciences, electricaland electronic engineering, art and humanities. 
  
Reported by Chen Chao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:525
TITLE:Five Research Achievements of Beihang Win China's State Science and Technology Awards
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3184.htm
TEXT:
Five Research Achievements of Beihang Win China's State Science and Technology Awards
                

                    Release time：November 3, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang professors accepted five State Science and Technology Awards at the annual National Science and Technology Awards Ceremony held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on November 3.
Of Beihang's five awards, two 2nd prizes in the State Technological Invention Award were won by projects led by Cao Xianbin and Han Bangcheng, and three 2nd prizes in the State Science and Technology Progress Award went to projects led by Qian Depei, Zhang Hong, and Tao Fei, respectively.
Beihang has always been committed to boosting China’s social progress by exploring cutting-edge technology, and has made major breakthroughs in key and core technologies. In the future, the Beihangers will continue to carry out scientific research and innovation, contributing to the development of science and technology in China.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:526
TITLE:Beihang Robotics Team Wins Two First Prizes in 2022 University Robot Competitions in North China Five Provinces and Beijing
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3446.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Robotics Team Wins Two First Prizes in 2022 University Robot Competitions in North China Five Provinces and Beijing
                

                    Release time：March 13, 2023 / 
                


Recently, the results of the 2022 University Robot Competition of North China Five Provinces (Municipalities and Autonomous Regions) and the Beijing University Robot Competition were officially announced. Two entries from Beihang, including BRBOTS: a real-time gait-driven 18 degrees of freedom intelligent humanoid bipedal robot and Fast response intelligent firefighting robot, reaped the first prize of these two competitions, while Integrated Mobile Robot for Sorting, Handling and Placement Based on Machine Vision won the second prize in both competitions, all of which are the science and technology practice works of Beihang Robotics Team students.

BRBOTS: a real-time gait-driven 18 degrees of freedom intelligent humanoid bipedal robot

Fast response intelligent firefighting robot

Integrated Mobile Robot for Sorting, Handling and Placement Based on Machine Vision
The Beijing University Robot Competition is organized by the Beijing Municipal Education Commission, and the University Robot Competition of North China Five Provinces (Municipalities and Autonomous Regions) is co-organized by the Beijing Municipal Education Commission, the Tianjin Municipal Education Commission, the Hebei Provincial Education Department, the Shanxi Provincial Education Department, and the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Education Department. In 2013, the Beijing Municipal Education Commission held the first North China Five Provinces (Municipalities and Autonomous Regions) University Robot Competition. Since then, it has been held for nine times. Beihang university won the first prize in 2021 when it participated for the first time.
The competition aims to improve the scientific literacy and research skills of university students, promote scientific and cultural exchanges and cooperation among relevant universities, deepen the reform of talent cultivation mode in colleges and universities, give play to the important role of artificial intelligence and robotics in promoting economic development and social progress, and guide students to engage in creativity, innovation and creation to finally carry out entrepreneurial activities. This year's competition attracted more than 1,300 teams from over 80 universities, including Tsinghua University, Tianjin University and Nankai University. In the past two years, a total of five works by Beihang students have been recommended for the competition, achieving a 100% award rate.
The Beihang Robotics Team is affiliated with the Youth League Committee, and the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation is responsible for technical guidance and organizational construction. With the strong support of various departments and alumni, the team attaches great importance to shaping the spiritual core, strengthening dynamic selection, implementing multiple competitions, and strengthening the leadership of the backbone to enhance team cohesion. Beihang Robotics Team has won the first prize of the China University Robot Competition (ROBOCON) for three consecutive years since 2020, and also the Mabuchi Award of the ABU Asia-Pacific Robot Contest (ABU ROBOCON).


Reported by Qi Jianli
Reviewed by Zhang Zhigang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:527
TITLE:Beihang Professor and Alumni Win Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3430.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor and Alumni Win Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation Award
                

                    Release time：February 20, 2023 / Wen Li
                


The 2021 and 2022 Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation (HLHL) Award Ceremony was held in Beijing on February 17. Beihang Professor Su Donglin, and alumni Yang Hong, Xin Wanqing and Liu Jizhong were honored with the HLHL Science and Technology Progress Award.
The HLHL was founded in 1994 by four philanthropists from Hong Kong: Ho Sin Hang, Leung Kau Kui, Ho Tim, and Lee Kuowei. The annual award recognizes outstanding scientific and technological professionals in China. Since its establishment, the award has enjoyed a high reputation for more than 20 years and has played an active role in inspiring innovation talent.
The 2021 and 2022 Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation Science and Technology Awards were awarded to 112 outstanding scientists. In 2022, there was one winner of the Scientific and Technological Achievement Award, 33 winners of the Science and Technology Progress Award and 22 winners of the Science and Technology Innovation Award.
Introduction of the award-winners:

Su Donglin
Born in March 1960, Prof. Su Donglin is a member of the Communist Party of China, and she received the B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Beihang University. From 1996 to 1998, she was a visiting scholar at University of California at Los Angeles, USA. Prof. Su is a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, a delegate to the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , a fellow of the Chinese Institute of Electronics, the Chair of the Beijing Chapter of the IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society, and the Deputy Chair of the Antennas Society, the Chinese Institute of Electronics. Her research interests include numerical methods for microwave and millimeter-wave integrated circuits and systematic electromagnetic compatibility design of various aircrafts.

Xin Wanqing
Born in February 1965,  Xin Wanqing began his undergraduate study in the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Beihang University in 1983. He is the chief engineer of China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology.

Yang Hong
Born in November 1963, Yang Hong began his doctoral study in the School of Astronautics, Beihang University in 2013. He is a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, chief designer of the space station system of the China Manned Space Program at the China Academy of Space Technology, and responsible chief designer of the Tianhe core module.

Liu Jizhong
Liu Jizhong began his postgraduate study in the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Beihang University in 1988 and his doctoral study in 2006. He is the director of China Lunar Exploration and Space Engineering Center.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:528
TITLE:1st TUM-Beihang Virtual Forum on Aerospace Engineering Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2166.htm
TEXT:
1st TUM-Beihang Virtual Forum on Aerospace Engineering Held
                

                    Release time：August 6, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


The 1st TUM-Beihang Virtual Forum on Aerospace Engineering was held online from July 28 to 31. Jointly organized by Beihang University and Technical University of Munich (TUM), the forum was attended by over 100 representatives from the two universities. The four-day forum included an open-ceremony, sub-forums and a closing ceremony.

The open-ceremony kicked off on the afternoon of July 28, and was addressed by Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang and Juliane Winkelmann, Senior Vice President of TUM.
Huang Haijun made a overview of the fruitful cooperation results achieved since 2007 when the two sides formed partnership. He hoped that the forum can boost more in-depth cooperation and academic exchanges between the two universities.
Prof. Winkelmann said that online forums will provide a good platform for communications among international scholars considering that the COVID-19 outbreak posts new challenges for international cooperation of higher education. She also expected the normalization of a novel cooperation model for scientific and educational cooperation in the post-epidemic era.

Besides, Li Deyu, Director of International Division at Beihang, and Philip Miessner, Head of Global Engagement Division at TUM, briefly introduced Beihang and TUM, respectively. Prof. Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering at Beihang University and Florian Hozapfel, Professor of the School of Aerospace Engineering at TUM, talked about the development of aerospace programs in Beihang and TUM, respectively.
During July 29 and 30, four sub-forums on the themes of “Dynamics, Guidance, Navigation, Control and Safety”, “Thermodynamics, Combustion and Propulsion”, “On-Demand Mobility and Transport Modeling, Vision and Image Processing” and “Aviation, Aircraft Design, Aerodynamics” were held. Professors from the two sides discussed about their research topics and conceived possible cooperation plans.

The closing ceremony took place on the afternoon of July 31 with chairmen of the four sub-forums giving concluding remarks. The forum came to an end as Wen Dongsheng and Michael Klimke, Managing Director of Department of Aerospace and Geodesy delivered closing speeches.

The 1st TUM-Beihang Virtual Forum on Aerospace Engineering, which lays a good foundation for the in-depth scientific and educational cooperation between Beihang and TUM, represents the first step towards normalization of updated academic exchange and cooperation model and plays a significant role in strengthening partnership between the two sides.
Founded in 1868, TUM is a world-class research university famous for disciplines of natural sciences and engineering. In the QS World University Rankings 2021, TUM has risen to the 50th position. TUM is an important strategic partner for Beihang. Since the partnership began, the two sides have carried out effective cooperation on scientific research and talent cultivation.


Reported by Gao Yuan and Fan Hang
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:529
TITLE:Beihang Confers Honorary Professorship to US Academician Nikolaos A. Peppas
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2521.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Confers Honorary Professorship to US Academician Nikolaos A. Peppas
                

                    Release time：June 19, 2018 / Li Siying
                


On the morning of May 29, the appointment ceremony of Prof. Nikolaos A. Peppas as an honorary professor at Beihang University was held in the Second Conference Hall of New Main Building. Prof. Peppas is an academician of three US academies, the National Academy of Medicine, the National Academy of Engineering and the National Academy of Inventors. Prof. Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, Prof. Li Deyu, Director of International Division, and some teachers and students from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering attended the ceremony. Prof. Li Deyu presided over the ceremony.


During the ceremony
Prof. Peppas is a leading scientist in the fields of biomaterials, bionanotechnology, as well as drug delivery and controlled release. He has made great contributions to biological science and medical engineering. He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, the National Academy of Medicine, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the National Academy of Inventors, the Chinese Academy of Engineering, the French Académie des Sciences, the Academy of Athens, the Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences, the International Academy of Medical and Biological Engineering and the Academy of Medicine, Engineering and Sciences of Texas.
At the appointment ceremony, Prof. Tao Zhi congratulated Prof. Peppas for the honorary professorship, and generally introduced Beihang University and the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering. He issued the letter of appointment to Prof. Peppas and presented him with the gifts. Prof. Peppas expressed his gratitude to Beihang University.


Prof. Tao issued the letter of appointment to Prof. Peppas
After the ceremony, Prof. Peppas delivered a lecture named Nanoscale Devices for Treatment of Autoimmune and Cardiovascular Diseases at the auditorium. Associate Professor Yue Shuhua of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering hosted the presentation, and teachers and students in this research direction were present at the event.


Prof. Peppas at the lecture
Prof. Peppas pointed out that the traditional therapies of the long-existing autoimmune diseases and cardiovascular diseases are now faced with great difficulties and challenges. Nanometer devices are being applied more and more frequently in battles against these diseases. Nanometer materials are playing an increasingly important role in the field of biological science and medical engineering, and the collaboration and fusion of nanotechnology and molecular biology will be a promising solution in this regard.
Prof. Peppas also gave an introduction to the research and achievements of his team in the field of nanomaterials, expressing his determination to contribute to the health of mankind worldwide. His team is now under cooperation with the team of Prof. Fan Yubo of Beihang University, aiming to stimulate the killing effects of T cells on tumor cells by combining the receptor of T cells with specific tumor antigens through single-cell sequencing technology, which is likely to be a precise and effective way of cancer immunotherapy.


At the lecture
All the audience participated in the lecture with great curiosity and passion for academic knowledge, and Prof. Peppas communicated with them patiently in the interactive session.
  
Reported by Guo Meng
Photographed by Song Chao
Translated and Edited by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:530
TITLE:Cordial Dialogue Between President Wang Yunpeng and Undergraduate Student Representatives on Learning Experience and Curriculum Construction
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3436.htm
TEXT:
Cordial Dialogue Between President Wang Yunpeng and Undergraduate Student Representatives on Learning Experience and Curriculum Construction
                

                    Release time：February 27, 2023 / Song Ziyun
                


On the afternoon of February 22, the second series of “Cordial Dialogue Between President and Students” was held at Wings Cafe, Xueyuan Road Campus. Wang Yunpeng, President of Beihang University, exchanged views with 14 undergraduate student representatives. Vice President Lyu Weifeng also attended the seminar.

At the seminar, Wang Yunpeng pointed out that this year, the university will give more prominence to its connotative development, comprehensively improve the quality of independent talent training, increase the supply of high-quality teaching resources, and accelerate the supply-side structural reform of the curriculum.
The student representatives shared their learning experience one by one and put forward their opinions and suggestions on course content, classroom interaction, course assessment, construction of laboratory and general education courses, and selection of teaching materials.

Wang Yunpeng listened carefully to students’ opinions and suggestions, and gave feedback on the common problems. Improving the quality of the curriculum, said Wang Yunpeng, is the key work of Beihang University this year. The university will use big data to make teaching evaluation more scientific and personalized, explore the comprehensive quantitative assessment mechanism, and establish a regular student forum mechanism, so as to solve the teaching quality problems.
It is reported that “Cordial Dialogue Between President and Students”, as one of the important measures to promote ideological and political education, focuses on students’ returning to the normal campus learning life. This series of activities is a vivid practice of the “front-line rule”, aiming to build a high-quality talent training system and promote the development of Beihang University to a new level through extensive and in-depth research and adherence to problem orientation.


Reported by Gao Chao and Tang Pengwen
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Wang Jinghan
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:531
TITLE:Beihang Team Crowned Champion in CUFA Finals
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/2896.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Team Crowned Champion in CUFA Finals
                

                    Release time：January 8, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On January 3, the finals of the Men's Division of the 2019-2020 China University Football Association (CUFA) successfully concluded at the Luxi Plateau Football Training Base, Yunnan Province, in which the team of Beihang University defeated the team from Beijing Institute of Technology 1-0 and was finally crowned champion. It is the second time in the history of Beihang University's men's football team to win the title. Xu Kun, coach of the Beihang team, and the player Guo Fengyuan also won the titles of the Best Coach and the Best Player, respectively.

China University Football League (CUFL), also referred to as "Dazu" or "Dazu League", was launched in 2000. It is the most extensive, competitive and influential football league among universities in China. It is also the only 11-a-side football event for college students, which is officially recognized by the Chinese University Sports Association.

Reported by the Publicity Department of the Party Committee
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:532
TITLE:Prof. Fan Yubo Elected IAMBE Fellow
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2186.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Fan Yubo Elected IAMBE Fellow
                

                    Release time：May 29, 2020 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, Prof. Fan Yubo has been elected as a Fellow of International Academy of Medical and Biological Engineering (IAMBE) for his “distinguished contributions to and leadership in the field of medical and biological engineering at an international level.”

IAMBE is affiliated with the International Federation for Medical and Biological Engineering (IFMBE), which was founded in Paris, France in 1959. As a member of the International Council for Science (ICSU), IFMBE has over 40 members from different countries and regions, with an aim of facilitating research, development and international exchanges and cooperation in the field of medical and biological engineering.
IAMBE is composed of more than 150 distinguished scientists who have made great contributions in the field of medical and biological engineering at an international level. The election of members of the Academy is initiated by nominations which are strictly screened by the membership committee of the Academy, and then conducted by a vote of all Fellows of the Academy.


Reported by Guo Meng
Reviewed by Qi Yingxin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:533
TITLE:Academician Zheng Nanning Lectures on Intuitive AI and Autonomous Driving
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2255.htm
TEXT:
Academician Zheng Nanning Lectures on Intuitive AI and Autonomous Driving
                

                    Release time：November 6, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On the afternoon of Oct. 31, Academician Zheng Nanning gave a lecture on “Intuitive Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Autonomous Driving” at Beihang University. The lecture was hosted by Lyu Jinhu, Dean of the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering. Vice President Zhang Guang, together with over 300 students and faculty members attended the lecture.

Academician Zheng Nanning delivered the lecture
In his report, Academician Zheng discussed the topic of “Intuitive AI and Autonomous Driving” from three aspects, limitations of traditional AI and convolutional neural network, development of intuitive AI computing framework, and intuitive reasoning and decision making for autonomous vehicles. He expounded on his idea of applying intuitive AI to the cognitive-based autonomous driving system. Many videos were shown to display the research results of his group. It was impressive that Academician Zheng acutely identified real-life problems in common scenarios of daily life and wisely applied abstract theories to solve practical problems. In the Q&A session, Academician Zheng patiently answered questions raised by the listeners and encouraged the students to take a combination of academic learning and scientific research to further explore AI.

The student raised questions on Academician Zheng’s lecture
After the lecture, Zhang Guang awarded Zheng Nanning with the certificate of honor for delivering a lecture as part of the Beihang Lecture Program.

Zhang Guang awarded Zheng Nanning with the certificate

A group photo
Previous to the lecture, President Xu Huibin, Vice President Zhang Guang and representatives from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering met with Academician Zheng and had a cordial conversation with him.

President Xu Huibin and Vice President Zhang Guang met Zheng Nanning
Zheng Nanning is a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, President of Chinese Association of Automation, IEEE Fellow and a former president of Xi’an Jiaotong University. He has won the Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation Award, the Second Prize of National S&T Progress Awards, the Second Prize of National Technology Invention Awards and the Second Prize of National Natural Science Awards.


Reported by Shi Cun
Photographed by Ding Beining
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Hu Xiaoguang
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:534
TITLE:Beihang Art Gallery Showcases Students' Works
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3078.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Art Gallery Showcases Students' Works
                

                    Release time：May 17, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


A joint exhibition of the 12th Annual Exhibition of Excellent Works of Undergraduates, the 6th After School Art Works Exhibition and the 31st Beihang “Feng Ru Cup” Art and Design Competition was held at Beihang Art Gallery from May 6 to 15. The exhibition was sponsored by the Department of Academic Affairs and Youth League Committee and organized by the School of New Media Art and Design.


The exhibition showcased more than 760 excellent student works including digital paintings, illustration books and other painting works; posters, digital arts and media design and other design works; cartoons, short films and other video works; as well as integrated materials, art installation and other integrated works.
The exhibition aims to educate and cultivate people through aesthetic activities and to guide and inspire students to take an interest in art creation. It is intended to foster students’ artistic cultivation and innovative mindset, promote the construction of aesthetic education and strengthen interdisciplinary integration, with which to cultivate outstanding talents who are innovative, passionate and have eagerness to take on challenges.



In the context of “a good life”, the display encourages the exploration of artistic language and style based on the integration of science and art. The works on display demonstrate the Chinese traditional culture and the advanced humanistic thoughts of the times. Combining the depth in thoughts and beauty in form, the works are not only students’ art achievements but also essential measures taken to create an aesthetic education environment in the university.


Reported by Ma Xiaona
Photographed by Dong Pingping and Wang Shan
Reviewed by Wang Qun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:535
TITLE:2023 Spring Semester Begins on Schedule at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3434.htm
TEXT:
2023 Spring Semester Begins on Schedule at Beihang
                

                    Release time：February 21, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


As pleasantly warm breeze brings the arrival of spring for all things, the spring semester of 2023 commenced as scheduled on February 20 at both Xueyuan Road Campus and Shahe Campus of Beihang University.



After the Spring Festival, Beihang students came back to campus and embarked diligently on their new journey with the first rays of the sun.





At 7 a.m., the first flag-raising ceremony of the new semester was held simultaneously on the two campuses. The Five-Starred Red Flag rose slowly with the solemn national anthem.




With familiar ringing of the bell and aspirations for the new semester, the teachers and students of Beihang started their busy work and study energetically.









On the first day of the semester, a total of 781 undergraduate courses and 147 postgraduate courses started as scheduled, with 11,482 undergraduates and 2,544 postgraduates attending their first lectures on time.



Forging ahead, may we all meet new challenges and opportunities with enthusiasm and hope, and achieve our own glory in this brand-new spring semester!


(Sources: Department of Academic Affairs, Graduate School, Department of Student Affairs)
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:536
TITLE:Beihang Receives 5669 New Postgraduate Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2476.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Receives 5669 New Postgraduate Students
                

                    Release time：September 5, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang welcomed a new cohort of 5,669 postgraduate students (4711 Masters students and 958 doctorate students) on September 4th.


Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, Vice President Huang Haijun, Deputy Party Secretary Li Junfeng, and other leaders were present at the registration occasion to greet the new postgraduate students and their parents, and took group photos with them.




Early in the morning, at 6:30, relevant departments and directors of each school have been in place at Qiushi Square of Xueyuanlu Campus of Beihang University for the registration of the new postgraduates.




Each school ingeniously set up “Interactive Zone for Fresher”, which designed with their own characteristics, on the registration site to record the wonderful moment of the fresher’s first contact with Beihang, such as the academic integrity oath wall by the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, group photo wall for “circle of friends” by the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, “Hello. Beihang” themed photo activities by the School of Transportation Science and Engineering, and signature walls by the School of Economics and Management, School of Mathematics and Systems Science and School of Humanities and Social Sciences.




To provide convenient, efficient and high-quality recruitment service for the new postgraduate students, the Graduate School and other relevant schools collaborated to make elaborate preparations in advance, including releasing “Warm tips for the 2018 new postgraduate students” through new media channels such as the WeChat public account and the official website of the Graduate School, recruiting more than 340 postgraduate volunteers to participate in the reception, registration and consultation activities, etc.
In the following days, each school will carry out abundant freshman enrollment education, helping the new students smoothly blend into their postgraduate study and life.
  
Reported by Hu Shuwei and Su Bolin
Photographed by Song Chao, Yang Xinyu, Guo Zhongyao, Yin Jiangxushan, and Lu Shanshan
Edited by Song Chao and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:537
TITLE:7th Youth Forum on Swarm Intelligence and Cooperative Control Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3464.htm
TEXT:
7th Youth Forum on Swarm Intelligence and Cooperative Control Held
                

                    Release time：March 29, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On March 24, 2023, the 7th Youth Forum on Swarm Intelligence and Cooperative Control was held in a combination of online and offline. The forum was sponsored by the Chinese Institute of Command and Control, and jointly hosted by the CICC Supporting Committee on Swarm Intelligence and Cooperative Control, Institute of Artificial Intelligence, School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University, AVIC Shenyang Aircraft Design & Research Institute, etc. By inviting scholars to give presentations, in-depth exchanges and discussions on hot topics related to swarm intelligence and cooperative control were carried out.
The opening ceremony was presided over by Professor Dong Xiwang, Deputy Dean of Institute of Artificial Intelligence of Beihang University, Deputy Secretary General of CICC, and Deputy Chief Engineer in Artificial Intelligence of AVIC Shenyang Aircraft Design & Research Institute. Dong, on behalf of the sponsor and organizers, welcomed all experts, scholars and delegates and expressed his gratitude for their unwavering support. Relevant seminars were in turn anchored by Associate Professor Hua Yongzhao, Associate Professor Sun Chao, Lecturer Li Xiaoduo, and Associate Professor Liu Yishi. Seven scholars, including Professor Ning Xiaolin of Beihang University, Professor Wang Dong of Dalian University of Technology, Associate Professor Meng Ziyang of Tsinghua University, Professor Han Honggui of Beijing University of Technology, Professor Tang Yang of East China University of Science and Technology, and Professor Yu Wenwu of Southeast University, delivered invited presentations respectively.

The invited presentations encompassed theories and technologies of autonomous navigation and positioning required for autonomous unmanned systems and cooperative systems when performing tasks in complex open environments, multi-source information fusion, optimization of distributed decision-making, intelligent cooperative control, and cooperative game and confrontation. The latest academic progress and engineering application prospects of relevant fields were thoroughly demonstrated. Some 60 participants attended the offline forum, while over 4,000 audiences watched the live broadcast online through CICC’s WeChat Channels and Tencent Meeting.


Reported by Dong Xiwang
Reviewed by Jin Rong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:538
TITLE:Beihang Wins Highest Honor in 2020 Capital Challenge Cup
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2158.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins Highest Honor in 2020 Capital Challenge Cup
                

                    Release time：September 21, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


The 2020 Capital Challenge Cup came to an end on September 13. Its highest honor, the Capital Challenge Cup, went to Beihang University who won eight gold prizes, six silver prizes and one bronze prize. It has been the third time that Beihang won the highest honor since the 2019 Capital Challenge Cup and the 16th Challenge Cup Contest.

The contest was hosted by Beijing Municipal Education Commission, Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission, Beijing Association for Science and Technology, Beijing Youth Federation and other organizations. It aims to guide and inspire the capital university students to keep in line with the trend of times and enhance the understanding of the national reality through extensive social practice and observation to arouse students’ entrepreneurial enthusiasm and improve their innovation and creativity abilities.
There have been over 800 entries from over 80 capital universities since the contest kicked off in July, involving scientific innovation and future industries, rural revitalization and poverty alleviation, urban governance and social service, environmental protection and sustainable development and cultural creativity and regional cooperation. After four months’ fierce competition, there were 64 winners of the gold prize, 176 winners of the silver prize and 240 winners of the bronze prize.
In the competition, 15 entries from Beihang University all obtained good rankings.


Reported by Liu Yang
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:539
TITLE:ASCE Thomas Fitch Rowland Prize Won by Research Group of Prof. Yao Yangping
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2252.htm
TEXT:
ASCE Thomas Fitch Rowland Prize Won by Research Group of Prof. Yao Yangping
                

                    Release time：November 13, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, a group led by Prof. Yao Yangping from the School of Transportation Science and Engineering published a research paper titled “Research on a Real-Time Monitoring Platform for Compaction of High Embankment in Airport Engineering” in Journal of Construction Engineering and Management. The paper won the Thomas Fitch Rowland Prize awarded by American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) due to its outstanding contribution to the intelligent construction, compaction quality control and safety operation of high-embankment airports. It is the first time that scientists from Chinese mainland have won the prize. The research group includes Prof. Yao Yangping, Ruan Yangzhi, Chen Jun (corresponding author), Zhang Xing, Liu Bingyang, Zong Xiaopeng and Yu Guizhen.
The research group led by Prof. Yao Yangping won the ASCE Thomas Fitch Rowland Prize
ASCE’s Thomas Fitch Rowland Prize has a history of over 100 years since its institution in 1882. All papers published in a print issue of an ASCE journal are eligible for nomination, but only one paper that is a groundbreaking contribution for construction management and construction engineering will receive the prize. The prize winners include Prof. Karl Terzaghi (1948) known as the father of soil mechanics and geotechnical engineering, H. Bolton Seed (1961), Member of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States and Alexander H. Slocum (1994), Member of the National Academy of Engineering.
Based on new-generation information and communication technologies like constitutive modeling, Beidou Satellite positioning system, Internet of Things, cloud computing and autonomous driving, the research group developed a cloud radiation-based real-time monitoring platform for compaction of high embankment in airport engineering, which upgrades traditional high embankment airport construction methods.
Developed on a basis of over 20 years of effort in studying soils' basic feature and constitutive theory by Yao’s group, the novel platform creatively provides optimal compaction trajectory for high embankment airports, back analysis of real-time long-distance monitoring data, comparison between virtuality and reality, autonomous driving control and other core functions. It not only maintains compaction quality but also enhances the efficiency of construction and management, which is of great significance for the intelligent construction of high embankment airports.
Besides, Yao’s group also made breakthrough in deformation and settlement of filling soil. A safety monitoring and early warning platform for the whole life circle of high embankment airport engineering was also developed.

The compaction quality control system

The real scene versus the 3D virtual reality

The airport full life cycle safety monitoring and early warning platform
The research work is supported by the National Basic Research Program of China (973 Program).


Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Xie Ruiqing
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:540
TITLE:Prof. Michael Somekh, Fellow of Royal Academy of Engineering, Gives Lectures at Beihang 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2402.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Michael Somekh, Fellow of Royal Academy of Engineering, Gives Lectures at Beihang
                

                    Release time：December 24, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Prof. Michael Somekh from the University of Nottingham visited Beihang University and gave three lectures entitled “Phase reconstruction in the back focal plane: a versatile measurement approach”, “Phase retrieval for Fourier plane plasmon measurement” and “Image plane analysis for surface plasmon microscopy and a new method for 3D microscopy” on May 5th, November 26th and 27th, 2018 respectively, at the invitation of Zhang Bei from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University.

Prof. Somekh is a fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering and the Institute of Physics. He is also a member of the funding group of the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) and the Royal Society. Graduated from the University of Oxford, he served as the head of the Department of Optoelectronics at the University of Nottingham in 1989, where he founded the Institute of Biophysics Imaging and Optical Science. He joined the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2014, serving as Head of the Department of Electronic and Information Engineering.
During his stay in Beihang, Prof. Somekh personally visited the laboratory to guide students’ research and provide them with the most cutting-edge and technological achievements. In particular, he elaborately explained the problems encountered in students' research work.

Some achievements of the collaboration between Zhang Bei and Prof. Somekh during his stay have been published in the well-known SCI journal Optics Letters entitled “Common-path surface plasmon interferometer with radial polarization, Hilbert transform-based single-shot plasmon microscopy”. In the future, the two will carry out further cooperation on such fields as signal extraction, phase detection and biochemical application of surface phasma.
 
Reported by Zhang Bei
Reviewed by Zheng Zheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:541
TITLE:The 1st 2022 Undergraduate Admission Letter from Beihang Sent
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3331.htm
TEXT:
The 1st 2022 Undergraduate Admission Letter from Beihang Sent
                

                    Release time：July 8, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


On the afternoon of July 6, the first 2022 Undergraduate Admission Letter from Beihang University was officially sent out, starting the 2022 undergraduate admission of Beihang University.


This year, every 2022 freshman admitted to Beihang University will receive a gift box of undergraduate admission letters in the 70th anniversary edition, whose design is ingenious and tells a journey about the aerospace dreams of teenagers.

As the cards are unfolded layer by layer, the ticket to this trip—the admission letter comes into view. The 2022 admission letter is designed by Yan Fengyi, a student from the School of New Media Art and Design of Beihang University. Its cover is made of the number “70” and “harmonious coexistence” of the three main buildings’ figure, like a heavy book and also the wings of flight.
The badge of “Beihang’s 70 Years · The Big Dipper” lies quietly at the bottom of the box, with seven badges arranged in the shape of the Big Dipper, witnessing the glorious days of Beihang University.

Along with the gift box, there is also a letter to 2022 freshmen. Log in to Beihang Admissions website, and click “Admissions” and “Information Download” to get the most comprehensive freshman guide.

Wang Guangyang, a student majoring in aircraft power engineering of the Beijing Qiangji Program, received the first Beihang 2022 undergraduate admission letter. He opened the gift box to share the joy with family as soon as he received the letter. It is worth mentioning that Wang Guangyang’s father, Wang Qingjun, is a Beihang alumnus of the Class of 1992 and now works at the China Academy of Space Technology. Wang Qingjun could not hide his excitement when his child was admitted to his alma mater.

Wang Qingjun said: “Aerospace people of my generation have witnessed the rapid development of the country in the past few decades, and today’s China is strong enough to give our children more choices in life. I am very happy that my child can choose his own interests through his own efforts, and today, 30 years after I graduated, he is honored to be a‘second generation of aviation’and continues to fight for the national aerospace industry!”

After receiving the admission letter, Wang Guangyang was overwhelmed with joy. He said that he was very excited to be admitted to Beihang University. After 12-year efforts, he finally got into his favorite college and major, and lived up to the expectations of his parents and teachers. He was very pleasantly surprised and lucky to receive the first 2022 admission letter of Beihang University from teachers.

Behind the successful delivery of each admission letter is the eager expectation of Beihang to welcome a new batch of students. The joy and affection after receiving the admission letter will become an unforgettable memory for the students.

From now on, nearly 4,000 Beihang undergraduate admission letter gift boxes will be sent out. The customized Beihang EMS admission package bag will carry complete admission materials such as the admission letter, the undergraduate admission letter gift box, and a letter to the 2022 freshmen of Beihang University, and fly from the Beihang campus to each 2022 students.

“Serve the country for 70 years, and strive to be world-class in  the new era!” Looking forward to meeting every 2022 freshman of Beihang University on the campus in the golden autumn in September!


Reported by Wen Xinlin and Zhang Luyang
Photographed by Di Bailu, Jin Hui and Zhao Jinhao
Reviewed by Deng Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:542
TITLE:Innovation and Talent Introduction Base of Aerospace Multi-Scale Mechanics and Thermodynamics Holds First Lecture
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2547.htm
TEXT:
Innovation and Talent Introduction Base of Aerospace Multi-Scale Mechanics and Thermodynamics Holds First Lecture
                

                    Release time：March 26, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


On March 15th, the first of a series of lectures held by the Innovation and Talent Introduction Base of Aerospace Multi-Scale Mechanics and Thermodynamics took place at New Main Building. Entitled “Droplet Wetting and Evaporation: From Pure to Complex Fluids”, the lecture was given by Prof. David Brutin from Aix-Marseille University, France. Prof. Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, was the host and over 50 attendees from the school were present.
  
Prof. Brutin introduced the history, status quo and latest developments of the research on droplet wetting and evaporation, especially the work about the droplet evaporation of complex fluids, which includes blood and nanofluids. The research reveals the phenomenon of complex flow and the feature of granule deposition of droplet evaporation, showing broad prospects for applications in aviation industry and biomedicine. 
After the lecture, the participants had a discussion with Prof. Brutin and the two sides reached a consensus about future cooperation and exchanges. Prof. Brutin invited two students instructed by Prof. Wen to a five-month exchange visit to France this year. The students will mainly carry out experiments and numerical calculations of droplet evaporation there.


As the starting point of the Innovation and Talent Introduction Base of Aerospace Multi-Scale Mechanics and Thermodynamics (under the 111 Plan), the lecture opened up a new window of opportunity for exchanges between domestic and foreign universities as well as Beihang and international researchers. As follow-up efforts, the base will bring in more high-caliber foreign scholars, hold lectures and seminars, and launch collaborative research programs. It is expected to elevate international cooperation to a new level and Beihang’s disciplines of Mechanics and Aerospace Science and Technology to a world-leading status.
  
Initiated and implemented by China’s Ministry of Education and State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs, the 111 Plan is designed to introduce world-class foreign talents to institutions of higher education by building world-class innovation and talent introduction bases. It aims to improve the scientific and technological innovation capability and comprehensive competitiveness of these universities and colleges.  
Under the plan, the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering applied to establish the Innovation and Talent Introduction Base of Aerospace Multi-Scale Mechanics and Thermodynamics and received approval in 2017, bringing the total of such bases at Beihang to eight, one of the highest numbers across the country.   
Source from International DivisionEdited and Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:543
TITLE:Beihang Holds Chinese New Year Reception for Foreign Teachers
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3426.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Chinese New Year Reception for Foreign Teachers
                

                    Release time：January 17, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On January 11, 2023, Beihang University held the Chinese New Year reception for foreign teachers who were still on campus. Relevant leaders from International Division, Human Resource Department and Sino-French Engineer School, as well as nine foreign teachers from Sino-French Engineer School, the School of Physics, the School of Integrated Circuit Science and Engineering, the School of Space and Environment, the School of Medical Science and Engineering and the School of Computer Science and Engineering attended the event. The reception was hosted by Wan Lina, Vice Director of International Division.

In his speech, Weng Jingnong, Director of International Division, extended best wishes to the foreign teachers who care about and support the development of Beihang. He said that International Division will strengthen cooperation with all schools and departments, pool resources and forge synergy, and constantly refine service mechanism and policy measures about foreign teachers, so that they can all live and work comfortably, unleash their potential, achieve their goals and make their own contribution to the university. Weng also presented foreign teachers with exquisite gifts with Beihang’s characteristics including the photo book of international students named “Reading China·Love Beihang”, the 70th anniversary edition building blocks of the New Main Building, the 2023 desk calendar of Beihang International Student Programs and the Year of the Rabbit dolls.

Gifts presented to foreign teachers

The foreign teachers recalled their work and life in Beihang, and expressed their opinions and made their suggestions on the construction of the university’s global cooperative partnership network, the creation of the university’s international atmosphere, and issues regarding services for foreign teacher’s work and life on campus. They expected to actively participate in the construction and development of the university in a flexible manner, to enhance their friendship with Beihang teachers and students, and to deepen the world’s understanding of Beihang. Frédéric Genty, the French director of the Sino-French Engineer School said, “Civilizations are enriched by exchanges and mutual learning. We hope that Beihang will hold more international cultural exchange activities on campus in which students and teachers from both China and abroad can participate, so as to promote mutual respect and harmonious coexistence of diverse cultures in Beihang.”

The university has long been committed to strengthening its care for foreign teachers. It has carried out diversified cultural exchange activities for foreign teachers, striving to build a good ecological “soft environment” for attracting intellectuals. In the future, Beihang will continue to build a platform of civilization exchanges and mutual learning with Chinese characteristics for foreign teachers. Through telling stories of Chinese modernization with heart and soul, the university strives to enhance foreign teachers’ understanding and support for the development of China and Beihang, and to expand the number of foreign friends who know China and love China.


Reported by Wang Lingpei
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:544
TITLE:Letter to Students on Back-to-Campus Affairs
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2189.htm
TEXT:
Letter to Students on Back-to-Campus Affairs
                

                    Release time：May 18, 2020 / 
                


Dear students,
    After a special period, the quiet but vibrant campus in early summer is waiting for your return in batches.
    According to the Ministry of Education and the People's Government of Beijing Municipality, colleges and universities in Beijing can have willing Spring 2020 graduates back in batches since June 6, if they receive the approval and meet the requirements for campus epidemic prevention and control.
    Following the notification and considering the requirements and situation concerning epidemic prevention and control on campus, Beihang University is carefully developing and perfecting the work plan for the return of spring 2020 graduates. They will be informed of the specific time and requirements by schools once the plan is determined, and during the trip they should take strict self-protection measures against the novel coronavirus (COVID-19).
    Please follow the principle of “no return without approval” and do not go back to campus before you receive the official notification. As for those who are not spring 2020 graduates, please continue online learning and plan your life and study well according to your local epidemic prevention and control requirements.
    Beihang will, as always, stick to the principle of “protecting the campus and caring for teachers and students”, trying its best to ensure the safety and health of its faculty and students. Let’s remain cautious and unite as one until the complete victory against the COVID-19 pandemic.


Office of the Leading Group for Epidemic Prevention and Control of Beihang University
May 14, 2020
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:545
TITLE:Beihang Teacher-Graduate Badminton Spring League 2019 Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2362.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teacher-Graduate Badminton Spring League 2019 Held
                

                    Release time：April 3, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


On the morning of March 30, the 2019 Beihang Teacher-Graduate Badminton Spring League was held in the badminton gym, which was sponsored by the Graduate School, organized by the Graduate Student Union, and jointly assisted by the Graduate Student Union of the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering and the School of Astronautics.

The aim of this event is to improve the physical training consciousness of teachers and students, deepen the friendship among students from different schools, and enhance the understanding and relationship between teachers and students. More than 300 teachers and students from 21 schools participated in the league, which was divided into the individual competition and the teacher-student team competition. The student competition included men’s singles, women’s singles, men’s doubles, women’s doubles and mixed doubles, while the teacher-student team competition consisted of mixed doubles, women’s doubles and men’s doubles.
The league was held on March 30 and 31 with the joint efforts of the organizing committee and staff members. In the student competition, the players fought with all their strength. Finally, Fan Yanchen and Yu Xue from the School of Materials Science and Engineering respectively won the men’s and women’s singles; Kong Yue and Li Xin from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering won the men’s doubles; Wang Yuejingyan and Hu Rendan from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering won the women’s doubles; Zhang Yafei and Su Wenxue from the School of Energy and Power Engineering won the mixed doubles.

In the teacher-student team competition, all the participators cooperated well with full enthusiasm, which reflects the profound friendship between them. At last, Fu Jian and Han Guangyu from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation won the men’s doubles; Jia Jiao and Zhou Siqi from School of Transportation Science and Engineering won the women’s doubles; Xing Chunxiang and Jiang Yongrui from the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation won the mixed doubles. In the team competition, all members made great efforts, and the School of Materials Science and Engineering won the champion in the end.



 
 
Reported by Huang Chenxiao
Photographed by Zhu Junxian
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:546
TITLE:Biggest Civilian Drone Designed for Couriers
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2528.htm
TEXT:
Biggest Civilian Drone Designed for Couriers
                

                    Release time：May 31, 2018 / Source：China Daily
                


BEIJING, May 31 (China Daily) -- Chinese engineers soon will have a world-record-holding product to offer to express delivery companies: the largest civilian drone.


Illustration shows planned civilian drone. [Photo provided to China Daily]
Engineers at Beihang Unmanned Aircraft System Technology, a part of Beihang University in Beijing, are designing a drone that will be able to fly 1,500 kilometers carrying 1 metric ton of cargo.
They plan to finalize their design before year's end and construct a prototype in 2019 for test flights scheduled to start in 2020. Mass production will begin if test flights are successful, and a drone-based delivery network is expected to take shape around 2025, said Zhang Shuo, chief designer at the Beihang technology company, in an exclusive interview with China Daily.
The yet to be named drone will be so big that if it were to carry people, it easily would hold nine passengers, according to the company.
It will be 11.9 meters long, with a wingspan of 19.6 m, and have a maximum takeoff weight of 3.6 tons. The craft will be powered by two engines and have 16 cubic meters of cargo space.
The company expects to sign a strategic partnership agreement on Thursday with logistics company Cainiao, which is controlled by Chinese e-retailing giant Alibaba Group, to jointly develop and market cargo drones, Zhang said.
"We're targeting express delivery enterprises as major users of our drone because they are projected to be the largest users of commercial drones. We believe that Chinese couriers will like a powerful craft suitable for cross-province cargo delivery, especially in remote or mountainous regions or islands," he said.


Illustration shows planned civilian drone. [Photo provided to China Daily]
The Beihang drone will incorporate lots of artificial intelligence, enabling it to not only control itself during entire flights but also autonomously determine and cope with malfunctions, Zhang said. It will cruise at a high speed, 360 km/h, and be able to take off and land on short, rough runways.
Typical delivery drones are small models used on a small, experimental scale by a handful of technology-savvy firms like Amazon.com, DHL Express and Chinese online retail giant JD.com.
No other mass-produced civilian drone is as big or powerful as the Beihang model. Several unmanned, solar-powered planes have a longer wingspan but weigh much less and were designed for technological demonstrations.
The world's largest drone is the United States' Northrop Grumman RQ-4 Global Hawk, a military surveillance craft that is 14.5 m long and with a wingspan of 39.9 m and a maximum takeoff weight of nearly 15 tons.
China has been the world's largest express service market for four years. Couriers delivered more than 40 billion packages in the country in 2017, earning total revenue of nearly 500 billion yuan ($78 billion), according to the National Bureau of Statistics.
  
Editor: Cui Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:547
TITLE:2021 Beihang Sports Cultural Festival Exhibition Held on Campus
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3121.htm
TEXT:
2021 Beihang Sports Cultural Festival Exhibition Held on Campus
                

                    Release time：June 25, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


On the morning of June 20, the 2021 Beihang Sports Cultural Festival Exhibition, hosted by the Sports Department, was held at the track-and-field ground of Xueyuan Road Campus. Relevant officials from the Publicity Department of the Party Committee, Department of Student Affairs, Graduate Management Office, Youth League Committee and Sports Department attended the opening ceremony.

The ceremony kicked off in the solemn national anthem. The first part of the exhibition was a demonstration of the martial arts course, including the performances of Tai Chi, Ba Duan Jin, and Tai Chi Fan, etc. More than 540 teachers and students presented the beauty of traditional Chinese martial arts, which is a mixed combination of delicacy and force.

The performance of Tai Chi

The performance of Ba Duan Jin

The performance of Tai Chi Fan

The performance by Wushu Team
The second part is a volleyball show, which consists of three phalanxes: high-level team, ordinary student team and volleyball class student team. Guided by the spirit of women's volleyball team, students promoted the volleyball culture of Beihang University, and ignited a volleyball fever on campus.

The third part of the exhibition was a showcase of yoga class. The large-scale performance “My Motherland and I” was in celebration of the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China (CPC), showing students’ love for the CPC and the motherland.

During the event, the university-level competitions of this semester were awarded, during which the winning schools and individuals were commended. The Sports Cultural Festival lasted for three months from March 13 to June 20 throughout the whole semester. The university-level competitions covered 15 on-campus contests such as football, basketball, volleyball, table tennis, badminton, physical fitness test, billiards, skiing, etc., and about 5,290 participants were directly involved in these competitions.

After five weeks of preparation, a total of 2,825 students participated in the festival performances. This event is not only the showcase of the vigorous development of mass sports in the first half of the year, but also Beihangers’ tribute to the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.


Reported by Wang Xueyuan
Reviewed by Su Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:548
TITLE:Commencement and Degree Conferment Ceremony for Class of 2023 Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3540.htm
TEXT:
Commencement and Degree Conferment Ceremony for Class of 2023 Held
                

                    Release time：June 20, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On the morning of June 17, Beihang University held the Commencement and Degree Conferment Ceremony for the class of 2023 at Beihang Stadium in Xueyuan Road Campus, with 6,330 graduates receiving their bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees.

Attending the ceremony were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Academic Degree Evaluation Committee Director Fang Jiancheng, Deputy Party Secretary and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, and Zhang Hailan, Deputy Party Secretary Cheng Bo, Vice President Lyu Weifeng, alumni representative Zhang He, teacher representative Lin Guiping, Academic Degree Evaluation Committee members, leaders from various schools and departments, and counselors of the Class of 2023. Vice President Lyu Weifeng presided over the ceremony.

The opening video The Story of Chasing Light (in Chinese: Zhui Guang De Gu Shi) was reminiscent of the memorable campus life and was indicative of students’ fighting spirit towards the future.


The graduation ceremony formally kicked off with the solemn national anthem. Fang Jiancheng announced the degree granting decision for the Class of 2023. He Xinzhou announced the list of Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing. Tao Zhi introduced winners of the Scholarship for a Career in the Vitalization of National Defense Industry. Zhao Changlu and Wang Yunpeng issued certificates to representatives. Following that, the Department of Academic Affairs and the Graduate School handed over the alumni roster to the Alumni Association.






In her speech, undergraduate representative Liu Haifei from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering expressed her gratitude towards Beihang University. She said that Beihang students would stay committed to comprehensive development and continuously hone their skills in the future, so as to contribute to high-level sci-tech self-reliance.

Master representative Qin Bingchao from the School of Material Science and Engineering reviewed his ten years of study life in Beihang. He expressed his heart-felt gratitude to Beihang for endowing him with the ambition to forge ahead and the confidence to shoulder responsibilities. He called on his peers to keep pace with the motherland and the times, so that they can bring their potential into full play and realize their goals.

At the ceremony, graduate representatives presented flowers to their supervisors, class advisers, counselors, security officers and apartment managers, and expressed their sincere gratitude to them.


Teacher representative Prof. Lin Guiping from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering voiced his expectations for graduates, hoping that all Beihang students can become talents with ideals, ambitions, courage, perseverance and attainments. He encouraged them to firmly forge ahead towards their goals and create a bright future with constant hard work, making great contributions to the construction of a powerful China in space.

Alumni representative Zhang He, executive director of the Chang’e-4 probe project, reviewed her study years in Beihang with deep affection and shared her experience in the aerospace industry. She encouraged all graduates to stick to the patriotic spirit of “putting the country first”, cultivate independent and in-depth thinking ability,  integrate their personal development into the development trend of the motherland, and create their own wonderful life.

Accompanied by loud applause, President Wang Yunpeng delivered an enthusiastic speech. He reviewed students’ journey of living up to their youth and keeping pace with the times, praised their outstanding performance in various fields, and put forward ardent expectations to them. He encouraged all graduates to shoulder the responsibilities of the times and make maximum contributions to the realization of China's modernization.

“Only through hard work can we live up to our youth.” As the graduates were about to embark on a new journey in life, President Wang expressed his expectations in four sentences. Firstly, he wished all graduates to love and serve the Party and the nation with great ambitions, firmly forge ahead in the era of national rejuvenation, carry on the Beihang spirit of “serving the country in aerospace”, develop great ambitions, integrate individual development to the development of the nation so as to better realize their value in the great cause of national rejuvenation. Secondly, he hoped that all graduates could dare to be the first, commit themselves to innovation, pursue excellence in extraordinary causes, always maintain the Beihang spirit of perseverance, and shoulder great responsibilities, so that they can make themselves shine in the service of national defense and the dedication to the motherland. Thirdly, he urged all graduates to hone their morality, always do good deeds, gain wisdom from advanced culture, stick to integrity, distinguish right from wrong, maintain gratitude and self-discipline, and bring about more positive energy to the society. Fourthly, he encouraged all graduates to be confident and tenacious, bravely forge ahead in the life journey full of challenges, persist in adversity, learn from setbacks, and never give up, so as to conquer all the challenges they are confronted with.




The ceremony climaxed with all faculty and graduates singing Beihang anthem Looking Up at the Starry Sky (in Chinese: Yang Wang Xing Kong).

In the following degree-awarding ceremony, university leaders plucked the tassel from the honorary hoods and gave best wishes to graduates. With all the blessings, the graduates will start a brand-new chapter in their life. Wish all students to fully utilize their potential to create an infinitely bright future!








Reported by Wang Qing, Ren He, Li Shiyu, and Li Siyao
Photographed by Song Chao, Zhang Zhibo, Chen Jiaheng, Qin Yuhang, Zhu Quan, and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:549
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Grand Prize in 2nd National University Students Innovation Contest on Plasma Science and Technology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3374.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Grand Prize in 2nd National University Students Innovation Contest on Plasma Science and Technology
                

                    Release time：September 26, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


Recently, under the guidance of Prof. Wang Weizong and Dr. Yan Jiaqi from the School of Astronautics, the work by six students, including Dai Qi, Chen Changrui, Cao Hanzhang, Li Hao, Di Sihan and Zhang Jiebo, won the grand prize in the 2nd National University Students Innovation Contest on Plasma Science and Technology.

Their work, named “Inertial Electrostatic Confinement Aspirating Electric Thruster”, is based on a project “Research on technology of advanced space electronic propulsion technology for micro-spacecraft” by Prof. Wang Zongwei and supported by the Beijing Innovation and Entrepreneurship Training Program for College Students. During one-year preparation, in spite of the pandemic, the team collaborated and developed an inertial electrostatic confinement aspirating electric thruster characterized by simple structure, no neutralizer, high ionization rate, low power consumption, low ablation loss, and long service life, achieving successful ignition in a low-pressure environment and stable operation in different modes. The work also has other innovative features which enable it to have a promising future in the fields of near-space propulsion and deep space exploration.

Meeting the demand of the country and related industries and focusing on frontier hot spots and applications of plasma science, the contest aims at instructing students to participate in innovative activities, cultivating talent with inter-disciplinary ability, and forming an all-rounded integration and collaborative development of different scientific fields. The contest this year was held under the concept of “interdisciplinary integration and innovation-driven development”, setting five tracks including comprehensive creation, low-carbon energy, green environmental protection, life and health, and cutting-edge science and technology. After the preliminary selection and recommendation of each participating unit, the organizing committee received 291 valid entries, among which 128 entries from 52 universities and research institutes were finally shortlisted for the finals. In the final round, after a fierce competition, a total of 6 grand prizes, 34 first prizes, 54 second prizes, and several third prizes were awarded.
In recent years, the School of Astronautics has adhered to the principle of “leading scientific innovation and cultivating talents through practice”, and has made great efforts to prepare students to be innovative through practice from the aspects of regulations, teaching resources, and platforms. Various kinds of courses and activities carried out by the school plays a positive role in helping students win the grand prize in the contest this year.


Reported by Liu Wei
Reviewed by Liu Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:550
TITLE:Students from School of Foreign Languages Win Prizes in 1st Undergraduate Innovation Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2315.htm
TEXT:
Students from School of Foreign Languages Win Prizes in 1st Undergraduate Innovation Contest
                

                    Release time：June 14, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


Two projects submitted by the School of Foreign Languages of Beihang University got prizes in the 1st Undergraduate Innovation Contest of the Foreign Language and Literature Discipline in Universities of Science and Technology in China (Final Contest, North Region) held in Harbin Institute of Technology, July 8, 2019.

The contest consists of two parts. The students first delivered their presentations about their theses, and then answered questions from the experts. Each group set a special prize, two first prizes, three second prizes and three to five third prizes.
At the opening ceremony of the final contest, Hou Zongyue from the School of Foreign Languages gave an excellent English speech on behalf of the competitors. In the following contest, both the two projects have achieved good results and entered the national final. “Exploring Distinction among Eight Methods of Sentence Similarity Computation” under the instruction of Professor Liang Maocheng and chaired by Hou Zongyue won the Special Prize in the Category of Research Paper, while “Attitudinal Analysis of Reports of German Mainstream Media on 5G Technology” directed by Associate Professor Dong Min and chaired by Gao Mengfei won the Second Prize inthe Category of Innovation Projects.

Initiated by China University Alliance for the Development of Foreign Language and Literature Discipline (CUAFLL), the Undergraduate Innovation Contest of the Foreign Language and Literature Discipline in Universities of Science and Technology in China aims to further promote the cultivation of innovative talents in foreign languages in universities of science and technology and enhance students’ innovative ability. The final contest is held in four regions and the final contest of north region is hosted by Harbin Institute of Technology.

Reported by Chen Xiaolu and Liu Wei
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:551
TITLE:Delegation Led by President Li Hua from Rocket Force University of Engineering Visits Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3475.htm
TEXT:
Delegation Led by President Li Hua from Rocket Force University of Engineering Visits Beihang University
                

                    Release time：April 7, 2023 / Song Ziyun
                


On April 3, 2023, Li Hua, President of Rocket Force University of Engineering, led his delegation to visit Beihang University for research and exchange. The symposium was attended by Wang Yunpeng, President of Beihang University.

During the event, Wang Yunpeng extended a warm welcome to Li Hua and his delegation and introduced the history of Beihang University. He highlighted the university’s 70-year track record of prioritizing the cultivation of individuals with integrity, as well as its efforts towards constructing a world-class university with Chinese characteristics based on the country’s major strategic needs. He noted that the Rocket Force University of Engineering, as a critical military institution of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army, is an important partner of Beihang University. Both sides will further enhance communication and cooperation, particularly in areas such as talent cultivation, faculty construction, and achievement commercialization.
In his address, Li Hua presented an overview of Rocket Force University of Engineering, and acknowledged Beihang’s significant contributions to educating students for the Party and the country and cultivating talent for China’s aviation and aerospace industry. He expressed his hope that further communication and cooperation between the two universities would be fostered in emerging interdisciplinary construction, scientific and technological innovation, high-end platform construction, and faculty construction.
The delegation also visited the Beihang University History Museum, Technology Achievement Exhibition, and Center for Micro-Nano Innovation.
Also in attendance at the symposium were leaders from the Department of Academic Affairs and Research and Academic Office of Rocket Force University of Engineering, as well as Beihang Vice President Zhang Guang, and leaders from the university’s Party and Government Office, Institute of Science and Technology, Department of Academic Affairs, School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, School of Astronautics, and School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:552
TITLE:Centrale Pékin-École Centrale Casablanca Summer School Ends
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2516.htm
TEXT:
Centrale Pékin-École Centrale Casablanca Summer School Ends
                

                    Release time：June 25, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


After two weeks of colorful activities, the Centrale Pékin-École Centrale Casablanca Summer School came to an end with a concise and solemn closing ceremony.


Officiated by Serge Delle-Vedove, Deputy Director of École Centrale Casablanca, and Zhang Wei, Vice Director of Centrale Pékin (Sino-French Engineering School), the ceremony was attended by representatives from the Embassy of China in Morocco, the Embassy of France in Morocco, Morocco government, Beihang University and École Centrale Casablanca.
At the ceremony, Beihang students of the summer school reported on their China-Africa team innovation projects in groups. As one of the key items of the summer school, these projects were brought up by mixed teams of Chinese and African students, aiming at solving the common challenges faced by both sides. Their focuses include utilization of new energy, intelligent transportation, culture and tourism, and promotion of business. Researches on these projects were conducted from the aspects of feasibility and technical solutions. The students received recognition of the audience for their fluent French, clear thinking and sense of innovation.
Prof. Hong Guanxin, Director of Centrale Pékin, expressed her gratitude to all the members from École Centrale Casablanca for their arrangements and support, and praised the summer school for the achievements and experience derived from it. According to her, Beihang is willing to be a pioneer and promoter for people-to-people exchanges, an emphasis among the 10 major China-Africa cooperation plans put forward by Chinese President Xi Jinping. Beihang has fully prepared for visits from and exchanges with École Centrale Casablanca.
Ms. Zhu Kewei, Counsellor of the Political Section of the Embassy of China in Morocco, spoke highly of the summer school and was delighted by the excellent abilities displayed by the students of Centrale Pékin in international communication and project innovation. She also introduced China’s moves to carry out the Belt and Road Initiative in Africa (Morocco in particular) and passionately invited the students to participate in the China-Africa cooperation in the initiative.
Representatives from Morocco ministries also addressed the ceremony. They recognized the achievements made in this summer school and felt optimistic about future cooperation between China and Morocco. They will continue to provide support for the scientific, technological and cultural exchanges between the two countries.
After the end of the summer school, teachers and students from École Centrale Casablanca saw their Chinese friends off with enthusiastic and colorful folk songs and dances. Student representatives presented a campus flag covered in signatures of Chinese and Morocco participants to École Centrale Casablanca as a gift, putting a perfect end to this event.  


Backed up by the Support Plan for Beihang International School, the Centrale Pékin-École Centrale Casablanca Summer School is an important part of Centrale Pékin Global Campus, a brand project of Centrale Pékin. During the two-week summer school, the 20 Chinese students got excellent grades in their course and completed China-Africa team innovation projects. They also visited an advanced solar power plant and a new energy research center, and enjoyed a variety of cultural music and sport exchanges with the Morocco students.
The summer school also witnessed the consensus reached by Centrale Pékin-École Centrale Casablanca on student and teacher exchange programs, teaching and research cooperation. The two sides will deepen their exchanges and cooperation in the future.
  
Released by Yin Chuantao
Edited and translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:553
TITLE:Prof. Dongming Wang Elected Member of Academy of Europe
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2578.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Dongming Wang Elected Member of Academy of Europe
                

                    Release time：September 23, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


Recently, Prof. Dongming Wang was elected as a Member of Academy of Europe in its 2017 nomination and election process. He is a professor in the School of Mathematics and Systems Science of Beihang University, a Cheung Kong scholar and a research director at Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS).

As an internationally well-known scholar in symbolic computation and automated deduction, Prof. Wang has published three monographs, three textbooks, more than 100 papers and edited or translated over 20 books. He also worked as General Chair of AISC 2006 and ISSAC 2007, an Editor-in-Chief of Mathematics in Computer Science and an Executive Associate Editor-in-Chief of SCIENCE CHINA Information Sciences. His representative research achievements are referred to as “Wang’s method”, “D.M. Wang simple systems” and so on in scientific and technical literature.
Founded in 1988 by multiple national academies in Europe, the Academy of Europe, or Academia Europaea, is an international scientific association that represents the highest academic level of Europe in natural sciences and technology, letters and humanities and social sciences. Its headquarters is located in London. At present, it has around 4,000 members, including 72 Nobel laureates.
Prof. Wang’s page at the website of AE:http://www.ae-info.org/ae/Member/Wang_Dongming
Reported by Chenqi Mou
Edited by Qing Wang
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:554
TITLE:Delegation Led by French Minister of Europe and Foreign Affairs Visits Beihang, Joining in “Enterprise Open Day” by Sino-French Engineer School
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2569.htm
TEXT:
Delegation Led by French Minister of Europe and Foreign Affairs Visits Beihang, Joining in “Enterprise Open Day” by Sino-French Engineer School
                

                    Release time：December 4, 2017 / 
                



On November 25, the delegation headed by Jean-Yves Le Drian, French Minister of Europe and Foreign Affairs, visited Beihang University and participated in the “Enterprise Open Day” activities held by the Sino-French Engineer School. Beihang President Xu Huibin and Vice President Huang Haijun warmly received the delegation. Jean-Maurice Ripert, French ambassador to China, Marion Le Drian, wife of the Minister, and officials from the French government and French Embassy were also present.
The two sides met in Ruxin Convention Center. President Xu Huibin welcomed the delegation, and introduced the history as well as the teaching and research capacity of Beihang University. Mr. Le Drian expressed thanks for the warm reception, pointing out that the cooperation of higher education between France and China is among the core issues in promoting the cultural exchange between the two countries. He expected that he could take advantage of the visit to gain a better knowledge of the achievements of the cooperative educational programs of the Sino-French Engineer School. Both sides also exchanged their gifts. 


President Xu Huibin holding talks with Mr. Jean-YvesLe Drian at RuXin Convention Center
After the meeting, they headed to the venue of the “Enterprise Open Day”, where President Xu Huibin introduced Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian and Ambassador Jean-Maurice Ripert to guests of the event. The President also welcomed the coming of a number of Sino-French enterprises, all of which have played an active role in promoting the development of the school. He said that the Sino-French Engineer School has set a model for cooperation of higher education between the two countries, with its graduates at the front of Sino-French communications in terms of economy, trade, culture, and scientific research.


President Xu Huibin welcomed the delegation headed by Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian
Addressing the event, Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian commended Beihang’s efforts together with Le Groupe des Ecoles Centrales (a group of five central schools in Paris, Lyon, Lille, Nantes and Marseille) to set up the school, and wished that the school will always flourish in the future.


Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian addressing the event
Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian and President Xu Huibin had talks with the enterprises delegates at the event, and visited the exhibition areas of middle- and small-sized enterprises for a full understanding of the school-enterprise cooperation. Besides, they asked some Chinese and foreign students about their school life, encouraging them to become talents as early as possible. Students from the Sino-French Engineer School welcomed Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian with gifts and performances.


Talking with enterprise representatives and students attending the event


Student representatives presenting gifts to Mr. Jean-Yves Le Drian


Welcoming performances by students from the Sino-French Engineer School (French ambassador to China Jean-Maurice Ripert is the first on the right of the picture)


Picture with the enterprise delegates


Picture with the School’s freshmen of 2017
Reported by Shi Yue, Wang Yuchen, and Cui Yifan
Edited and translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:555
TITLE:TUM Day Held at Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2421.htm
TEXT:
TUM Day Held at Beihang University
                

                    Release time：November 28, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


On November 22, “TUM (Technical University of Munich) Day” was held at Beihang University. A delegation of seven people visited Beihang and participated in the event, including TUM Vice President Juliane Winkelmann, Managing Director of TUM-Asia Markus Waechter. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun and relative representatives from different schools and departments also attended the event.
TUM Day @ Beihang University is comprised by several activities like the university-level talk, signing ceremony of cooperation agreement on the disciplines of aeronautics and astronautics, opening ceremony of Beihang-TUM office, and TUM lecture.


TUM Day @ Beihang University
On the morning of November 22, Vice President Huang Haijun met with the delegation in the New Main Building. The two sides looked back the results achieved since they established the university-level cooperation in 2007, and then friendly talked about the current situation and future plans. During the talks, the two sides exchanged views and reached consensus on deepening existing cooperation, strengthening cooperation in relevant disciplines such as aerospace, establishing educational cooperation projects and carrying out in-depth scientific research cooperation.
After the talk, the opening ceremony of TUM Day @ Beihang University was held in the conference center of New Main Building. Li Deyu, Director of International Division, hosted the event. Vice President Huang Haijun and Vice President Juliane Winkelmann gave the speeches respectively on behalf of the two universities. They reviewed the past cooperation and expressed expectations to deep the cooperation in the future.
Then, they signed the Beihang-TUM Cooperation Agreement on Aeronautics and Astronautics, according to which the two universities will strengthen their in-depth education and scientific research cooperation in the field of aeronautics and astronautics, and will establish the joint cultivation program for doctoral students. After that, they unveiled the nameplate of Beihang-TUM Link Office, which plays an important role in promoting the comprehensive and deep cooperation between the two.


Vice President Huang Haijun and Vice President Juliane Winkelmann signed Beihang-TUM Cooperation Agreement on Aeronautics and Astronautics


Unveiling the nameplate of Beihang-TUM Link Office
After the opening ceremony, Professor Zhang Shuguang from the School of Transportation Science and Engineering of Beihang University and Professor Holtzfeller from TUM jointly made an academic report titled “Urban Air Transportation: International Scientific Research Cooperation Facing Global Challenges”, which won widespread praise from teachers and students attending the event. 
In the afternoon, the Alumni Forum of TUM kicked off with three outstanding Chinese alumni from different professions sharing their learning experiences in TUM. They also provided valuable experience for students about career development and planning. 
In the evening, the alumni reception of TUM was held at Vision Hotel. President Xu Huibin attended the event and delivered a speech.


Three Chinese alumni from different professions shared their learning experiences in TUM


Group photo
Founded in 1868, Technical University of Munich (TUM) is a world-class research university located in Munich, the capital of German. It currently has 10,103 staff members (including 548 professors) and 41,500 students (9,149 postgraduates included). TUM has 17 Nobel Prize winners and 18 Leibniz Prize winners. It ranks 61st according to the QS World University Rankings 2019. TMU now is a strategic partner of Beihang. Since the university-level cooperation was established, the two universities have carried out fruitful scientific research and talent straining cooperation in aviation, electronics, machinery, physics and other disciplines. More than one hundred doctoral and exchange students have been cultivated by the two universities jointly.
  
Reported by Zhou Mi
Photographed by Di Bailu, Sun He, Wang Zhen
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:556
TITLE:Delegation from Bulgarian Ministry of Education and Science Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3662.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from Bulgarian Ministry of Education and Science Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：December 18, 2023 / 
                


On the morning of December 13, a delegation led by Genka Petrova-Tashkova, Deputy Minister of Education and Science of the Republic of Bulgaria, visited Beihang University. Academician Wang Yunpeng, President of Beihang University, met the guests at Ruxin Conference Center. Vice President Lyu Jinhu, and heads of the Department of Academic Affairs, Graduate School, Research Institute of Science and Technology, International Cooperation Department, and the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering attended the meeting.

President Wang Yunpeng conveyed his warm welcome to the delegation, and briefly introduced the history and achievements of Beihang University, especially the remarkable breakthroughs made in scientific research in recent years, as well as the current situation and achievements in international exchanges and cooperation. He said that Beihang University has always adhered to the development philosophy and culture of innovation, inclusiveness and coordination, maintained an open attitude toward the world, adopted a series of pragmatic and efficient methods to accelerate its development, and achieved fruitful results in international sci-tech innovation and other fields. He pointed out that the cooperation potential between Beihang and Bulgarian universities and scientific research institutions is tremendous. He hoped that the two sides can tap the cooperation potential in sci-tech innovation, educational exchanges and other fields, so as to open a new chapter of comprehensive and in-depth cooperation in such fields as lunar exploration and biomedical science in the future, jointly building a bridge of friendship and exchanges in higher education between China and Bulgaria.

Genka Petrova-Tashkova expressed her gratitude for the hospitality of Beihang University and briefed the basic situation of higher education and scientific research in Bulgaria. She congratulated and appreciated the achievements made by Beihang University in the field of scientific research. She also acknowledged that Beihang University is a top research university in China, and there is much room for cooperation between universities and scientific research institutions of the two nations. She is very much looking forward to conducting multi-dimensional scientific research cooperation with Beihang University in the future.

Following the meeting, the delegation also visited the "Yuegong-1" experiment module, and carried out detailed discussions on specific issues such as the biological environment in the module.

Bulgaria, officially the Republic of Bulgaria, is located in Southeast Europe, east of the Balkan Peninsula. With an area of 111,000 square kilometers, it has a population of 6.83 million, and the capital is Sofia. Bulgaria attaches great importance to higher education, and has cultivated famous institutions of higher education such as Sofia University, Plovdiv University, Veliko Tarnovo University, New Bulgarian University, and the University of National and World Economy. In recent years, under the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative and Cooperation between China and Central and Eastern European Countries (16+1 Cooperation), China and Bulgaria have carried out fruitful cooperation in various fields such as economy and trade, culture, education, science and technology, and transportation.


Written by: Jing Shangyangzi, Cao Qizheng
Photos by: Di Bailu
Reviewed by: Weng Jingnong
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:557
TITLE:Dr. Li Wen Appointed Associate Editor of Soft Robotics
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2326.htm
TEXT:
Dr. Li Wen Appointed Associate Editor of Soft Robotics
                

                    Release time：May 27, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Dr. Li Wen, associate professor at the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation of Beihang University, has been appointed Associate Editor of Soft Robotics.

Soft Robotics (JCR Q1) is a leading international journal in the robotics field with the highest impact factor (IF), having a wide influence all over the world. The journal is interested to promote interdisciplinary research, covering such areas as mechanics, materials, control, chemistry and life sciences. Currently, nine professors from the University of Cambridge, the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich, Yale University, Cornell University, etc., serve as associate editors of the journal, among whom Dr. Wen is the only one from China and he will be mainly responsible for submissions in such directions as bionic soft robotics, drive and sensing of soft robotics, and life-like machines, as well as the launch of special issues of frontier research.
Li Wen is a doctoral supervisor of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation and an awardee of the National Science Fund for Outstanding Young Scholars. He was a postdoctoral researcher in George Lauder laboratory of Harvard University. He has published more than 70 papers in Science Robotics, Journal of Experimental Biology and other journals or conferences, and relevant research results have been reviewed and reported by Science, Nature and MIT Technology Review. He also serves as Associate Editor for IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters. His research interests include bionic soft robotics, intelligent material and comparative biomechanics.
Get more information about the journal Soft Robotics：
https://home.liebertpub.com/publications/soft-robotics/616/editorial-board.
 
Reported by Song Wanheng
Reviewed by Cong Baoqiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:558
TITLE:Chang'e-4 Program Executive Director Zhang He Invited to Lecture at Beihang to Mark China’s 4th Space Day
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2346.htm
TEXT:
Chang'e-4 Program Executive Director Zhang He Invited to Lecture at Beihang to Mark China’s 4th Space Day
                

                    Release time：April 25, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


In celebration of China’s 4th Space Day, Zhang He, executive director of the Chang’e-4 probe project, was invited to give a lecture at the Ruxin Conference Center of Beihang University on the afternoon of April 20.

The lecture
Before the lecture, seven directors of human resource departments from China Academy of Space Technology (CAST), The 502nd Research Institute of CAST, China Spacesat Co., Ltd., and The 529 Factory of CAST were recruited as business mentors of the School of Astronautics. They were awarded certificates by Song Xiaodong, director of the General Management Office of Graduate School and Ma Jinxi, director of the Office of Admission and Career Development.

Business mentors were issued letters of appointment
Following that, Zhang He delivered a lecture entitled “Looking at the Starry Night, Talking to the Chang’e Lunar Probe”. She first introduced the profile, business breakdown and talent group of CAST. Then, she reviewed some breath-taking moments in the Chang’e-4 mission, giving a professional presentation on the general tasks of Chang’e-4, selection and analysis of the landing site, high precision landing, orbit design of Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System, relay communication and on-orbit working condition. Taking her own experience as an example, Zhang He showed the growing path of talents in pursuing their astronautics dreams and encouraged students to commit themselves to the field of astronautics, stay true to the original aspiration and be brave to strive for ambitious goals.
Being an alumni of Beihang University, Zhang He was the first batch of students graduating from the School of Astronautics in 1993 and engaged in the study of lunar orbiter technology since then.
After the speech, she was awarded the certificate of honor for delivering a splendid lecture for the “Zhiyuan Lecture Program”.

Zhang He delivering the lecture

Xu Guoqiang, Vice Dean of Graduate School of Beihang University, awarded Zhang He with the certificate
In the dialogue session, the guests and the students exchanged views on topics like space technology & tasks, team cooperation, talent recruitment, career development and commercial spaceflight.

The dialogue session

The event
In an effort to mark China’s 4th Space Day and introduce aerospace culture to the campus, the lecture is one of a series of lectures to provide students with better knowledge of corporate culture and development trends of the space industry, and encourage students to devote themselves to the field. Hosted by the Office of Graduate Student Affairs and organized by the School of Astronautics, the event involves 5 subsidiaries in space industry, attracting an estimated 200 students from 11 schools. By discussing on the objectives, philosophy and ways of talent cultivation in depth, the event lays a basis for the high-level talents cultivation of the time in the field of astronautics.

A group photo

Reported by Zhang Yuhong
Photographed by Wang Jiangning
Reviewed by Miao Jianjun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:559
TITLE:Beihang International Engineering Education Forum 2018 Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2503.htm
TEXT:
Beihang International Engineering Education Forum 2018 Held
                

                    Release time：July 12, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 2018 International Engineering Education Forum hosted by Beihang University was held at the Ruxin International Conference Center during July 6th to 8th. More than 100 participants, including specialists and scholars from domestic and foreign renowned universities and enterprises such as Purdue University, George Mason University, University of New Haven, University of Puerto Rico, Amgen Inc., Peking University, University of Science and Technology of China, and Beihang University, attended the forum.


With the theme of “curriculum design for talents of the new century”, the forum aims to further understand and reflect on the prominent problems in practical training for undergraduates with engineering background in China, and to jointly explore the innovative talent training mode under the background of new engineering construction, by gathering internationally recognized experts from academia and industries to conduct face-to-face and multi-angle discussions and communications. Focusing on the forefront of international engineering education, the forum closely integrates engineering education with interdisciplinary studies.
The forum was conducted in the formats of academic reports, round-table conferences and panel discussions, and divided into three topics: the opening ceremony and “the transformation of universities”, “talent requirement for society and enterprises in the 21st century”, and “capacity building for the transformation”. Vice President Huang Haijun attended the opening ceremony. Prof. Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of General Engineering, presided over the opening ceremony.
At opening ceremony, Vice President Huang Haijun reported on Beihang’s thinking and reform on the training of engineering talents. Combined with the specific practical experience of Beihang, he deeply expounded why Beihang devoted to developing new engineering education and how to carry out the reform of new engineering education. Following him, Prof. Wen Dongsheng made a report on the theoretical and practical significance of international education forum under the background of new engineering, and systematically elaborated the innovation and transformation in curriculum setting, teaching model, talent cultivation and development objectives of the School of General Engineering. Besides, Prof. Hans Hoyer, Secretary-General of IFEES and Executive Secretary of GEDC, was also invited to give a repot on The importance of government-university-industry partnerships to improve the engineering education.


Centering on the three topics, foreign and domestic scholars launched their wonderful reports respectively to share and discuss the roles of outcomes-based engineering education in the 21st century.


During the forum, the work exhibition by freshmen of the School of General Engineering, around five themes—portable slope, hydrodynamic/aerodynamic elevator, intelligent car door, windmill-power transmission system and portable transportation, was widely recognized and highly evaluated by participating experts.


The 2018 International Engineering Education Forum, gathering 15 international experts of engineering education from eight countries, brought an ideological and spiritual feast for Beihang teachers and students, which will have a far-reaching bearing on the full implementation of education reform and teaching cooperation on engineering education in China.


  
Written by Zhao Qiudi
Photographed by Song Chao
Edited by Song Chao and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:560
TITLE:2023 Summer School of Beijing Excellence League Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3597.htm
TEXT:
2023 Summer School of Beijing Excellence League Held
                

                    Release time：September 14, 2023 / 
                


The 2023 Summer School of Beijing University League for Cultivation of Excellent Engineers (Beijing Excellence League), initiated by Beihang University and co-organized by Sino-French Engineer School, was successfully held in Japan (the first phase) and France (the second phase) respectively. A total of 40 teachers and students from 16 schools of Beijing Excellence League attended this summer school.
The first phase of the summer school was conducted from July 14 to July 26 at the Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (JAIST) University in Hokuriku, Japan. JAIST is a national university established in 1990 as a research institute in Japan, which is dedicated to cultivating future innovative leaders in the field of cutting-edge science and technology with the most advanced educational concepts and research environment.

During the summer school, students joined different laboratories to conduct researches with tutors and teaching assistants in various fields such as information science, materials science, physics, and chemistry. Under the guidance of tutors, the students visited the laboratories and the advanced experimental equipment, and also learned about the latest research achievements in their fields. At the end of the summer school, students reported their research results and presented what they have learned and gained.
In their spare time, students also engaged in a variety of colorful interaction projects with Japanese students. They not only learned knowledge but also gained friendships. After two weeks of learning, exchanges and visits, the students were exposed to internationalized, diversified and discipline-integrated education and benefited a lot from the summer school.

The second phase of the Summer School took place from August 24 to August 31 at the Lycée Chaptal in Paris, France. Hervé GATEAU, Director of the Lycée Chaptal, together with Hervé RIOU, Vice-Director, and Sébastien GERGADIER, President of the Union of Teachers of Industrial Sciences and Technology (UPSTI), extended a warm welcome and cordial greetings to the students.

During the summer school, students learned about the French-style engineer education system, and gained knowledge about the long history and profound heritage of the school. They also acquired knowledge in artificial intelligence, industrial science, mechanical manufacturing, mathematical software and other fields.

At the end of the summer school, each student made a summary of it. The close combination of theory and practice in the preparatory stage left a deep impression on the students and stimulated their interest in learning and exploration. In their spare time, students also visited the Eiffel Tower, Louvre and other places to experience the history and culture of France.

Beijing Excellence League was initiated by Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University and composed of 17 universities in Beijing, including Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, and so on. Sino-French Engineer School has successfully organized the summer school eleven times since 2012, which greatly enhances the domestic and international influence of the Sino-foreign education model of Beihang University. The program had been on hiatus since the pandemic and was not reopened until this summer. It aims to broaden the horizon of the participants, familiarize them with the mode and content of engineering education in developed countries, and also help them make targeted improvements on their learning and teaching methods.


Reported by Wu Yaguang
Reviewed by Zhang Jiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Hu Xueyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:561
TITLE:Inauguration and Signing Ceremony of Peng Huanwu Science and Education Cooperation Center Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3312.htm
TEXT:
Inauguration and Signing Ceremony of Peng Huanwu Science and Education Cooperation Center Held
                

                    Release time：July 1, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


On June 29, 2022, the inauguration and signing ceremony of Peng Huanwu Science and Education Cooperation Center jointly built by the Institute of Theoretical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences (ITP-CAS) and Beihang University was held in Room C511 of the Main Building of Shahe Campus. Academician Cai Ronggen, Director of ITP-CAS, Academician Zou Bingsong, Director of the Center, Zhou Shangui and Wang Yanting, Deputy Directors of ITP-CAS, Academician Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, Liu Shuchun and Huang Haijun, Vice Presidents of Beihang University, attended the event. The ceremony was presided over by Huang Haijun.

Xu Huibin extended a warm welcome to the visit of Academician Cai Ronggen and Academician Zou Bingsong. He noted that the study of theoretical physics is of great significance in natural science research and occupies an important position in the national science and technology development strategy. He hoped Beihang and ITP-CAS will take advantage of the Center to deepen cooperation with each other, promote the development of interdisciplinary disciplines, explore theinnovative talent training mode, provide strong support for national large scientific projects, and make greater contributions to the realization of high-level scientific and technological self-sufficiency.

Academician Cai Ronggen expressed his heartfelt congratulations on the establishment of Peng Huanwu Science and Education Cooperation Center, and introduced the layout and initiatives of ITP-CAS in the field of physics research. He said that basic research is the source of scientific and technological innovation, and the root of a strong country in science and technology, adding that both sides will take the strategic cooperation agreement as an opportunity and a new starting point, give full play to the advantages of their respective resources, and carry out all-round, broad and multi-level cooperation, so as to contribute to the construction of a strong country in science and technology and achieve high-level scientific and technological self-sufficiency.

Huang Haijun and Wang Yanting signed the strategic cooperation agreement on behalf of Beihang University and ITP-CAS respectively. Xu Huibin, Huang Haijun, Cai Ronggen and Zou Bingsong unveiled the nameplate for Peng Huanwu Science and Education Cooperation Center.


During the ceremony, Zou Bingsong was nominated as the director, Zhou Shangui and Lyu Guanghong the deputy directors and Geng Lisheng the executive director of the Center. They are issued with certificate by Xu Huibin and Liu Shuchun.


In his speech, Academician Zou Bingsong expressed his gratitude for Beihang’s guidance, support and assistance during the construction of the Center. Taking the discovery of the God particle and gravitational waves as examples, he emphasized the leading role of theoretical physics in the frontier research of physics and the significance of establishing the Center. He pointed out that both parties will carry out original basic research at the frontier of international physical science, cultivate a large number of young talent with solid foundation, broad vision, dedication and courage, and strive to build the Center into an international first-class scientific research and talent training base.

The strategic cooperation agreement between Beihang and ITP-CAS aims at the major needs of the country and the international scientific frontier, and is a major initiative to shoulder the mission of serving the country in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics. The two sides give full play to the advantages of their respective resources, and further promote the all-round cooperation in discipline construction, scientific research, talent cultivation and international exchanges and cooperation, following the principle of “mutual complementarity, collaborative innovation and win-win cooperation”.



Reported by Song Chao and Li Siyao
Photographed by Di Bailu and Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:562
TITLE:Dr. Hou Huilong’s Latest Research Published in Science
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2240.htm
TEXT:
Dr. Hou Huilong’s Latest Research Published in Science
                

                    Release time：December 3, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


On November 29, an article titled “Fatigue-resistant high-performance elastocaloric materials made by additive manufacturing” was published in Science by the team of Dr. Hou Huilong, Associate Professor of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and the lead author of the research.

Space cooling and refrigeration account for about one fifth of the electricity consumption worldwide, leading to the rapid development of more efficient and environment-friendly cooling technologies and growing attention paid to solid-state (magnetocaloric, mechanocaloric, electrocaloric, etc.) cooling techniques. As a form of mechanocaloric cooling, elastocaloric cooling can bring about heat absorption and release resulting from a reversible change of the symmetry of the materials’ crystal structure by exertion or removal of the stress field. The technology was invented in 2012 at the University of Maryland and ranked first among the 17 replacements of vapor compression refrigeration listed by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) in 2014 for its giant effects of latent heat. Meanwhile, relentless efforts have been made to develop elastocaloric cooling prototypes and elastocaloric regenerative heat pumps for practical use. An unsolved problem, however, was the hysteresis of elastocaloric cooling materials that could limit the efficiency of the cooling system and influence the stability of its performance in the long term.
What the research proposed was a solution to the problem, thermodynamically efficient and low-hysteresis elastocaloric cooling materials produced by the means of additive manufacturing of nickel-titanium. Following a well-designed strategy of “technique-microstructure-property-performance”, the researchers made use of powder-feed laser-directed-energy deposition (L-DED) technique resulting in a local melting of metal powders followed by rapid solidification and adjusted the proportions of elemental powders to form nanocomposite microstructures composed of binary NiTi alloy matrix and a Ni3Ti intermetallic phase. The materials produced in this way showed extremely small hysteresis and featured an efficiency improved by a factor of four to seven as well as repeatable elastocaloric cooling performance over 1 million cycles.
The research revealed the interaction mechanism between the binary NiTi alloy matrix and the Ni3Ti intermetallic phase through a micromechanical model and in situ synchrotron x-ray diffraction experiments. Based on experiments, it obtained a correlation of hysteresis as a fraction of input energy to the cycles to functional failure and found that the correlation could also apply to other caloric materials, first providing scientific evidence concerning the manufacturing, selection and engineering design of long-life caloric materials. The research, therefore, was of scientific and technological significance for developing highly-efficient and stable solid-state cooling techniques. In addition, the additive manufacturing of elastocaloric cooling materials enabled distinct microstructure control of high-performance metallic refrigerants with long fatigue life, and the Ni–Ti–based elastocaloric material produced in the research demonstrated the potential of additive manufacturing in optimizing solid-state cooling techniques.

This image shows how fatigue-resistant high-performance elastocaloric materials can be made by additive manufacturing. A powder feeder provides a near-eutectic mix of elemental powders and the laser offers energy (upper right). The mixed powders form a molten pool under laser light and different parts of the component take shape as the molten pool move around (middle). In this way, the component is formed in the shape of a honeycomb and with a required height (background).
The research represented the joint efforts made by Dr. Hou, who joined Beihang in September this year, and his collaborators when he was still at the University of Maryland. It was funded by the Advanced Manufacturing Office and the Office of Science of DOE, the National Science Foundation, etc. Its follow-up study will be conducted at Beihang University to serve the national needs for special cooling technology used in aircraft and spacecraft. The future work will involve participants from characteristic majors of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering (Structural Strength of Aircraft and Ergonomic and Environment Engineering), the School of Materials Science and Engineering, the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation and other relevant institutions at home and abroad.
More information of the research:
https://science.sciencemag.org/content/366/6469/1116


Reported by Xing Yufeng and Yuan Weixing
Reviewed by Lin Guiping
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:563
TITLE:Astronaut Donald Alan Thomas Shares Space Stories at Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3486.htm
TEXT:
Astronaut Donald Alan Thomas Shares Space Stories at Beihang University
                

                    Release time：April 25, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On the afternoon of April 21, Dr. Donald Alan Thomas, a former NASA astronaut who completed four space shuttle missions in the 1990s, and his wife were invited to Beihang University on the occasion of the 8th Space Day of China. As one of the important activities of the 8th Beihang Space Culture Festival, Dr. Thomas delivered a special lecture titled "Living and Working in Space", attracting over 100 teachers and students to participate.

During the lecture, Dr. Thomas shared his story of becoming an astronaut after multiple failures and encouraged students to bravely pursue their dreams. He also displayed dozens of rare photos taken in space, introduced details of work and life in space as an astronaut, and shared his experience on work and scientific research. Dr. Thomas said that it is his first visit to a Chinese university, and he chose Beihang University as his first stop because he believes that in the space industry, he and the university share the same mission and belief in exploring space.

After the speech, Dr. Thomas had warm exchanges with teachers and students, answering their questions about career choice, space technology and the future development direction of space exploration. His wise and witty speech as well as sincere and patient answers won hearty rounds of applause from the audience.

Following the lecture, Dr. Thomas took photos with the faculty and students of the School of Astronautics.

Before the lecture, Weng Jingnong, Dean of the International Division, met with Dr. Thomas and his wife and presented them with gifts featuring traditional Chinese culture. Dr. Thomas also visited the engineering training center of the Shahe Campus and the teaching laboratory of the School of Astronautics accompanied by Liu Rui, Party Secretary of the School of Astronautics.

Donald Alan Thomas received a bachelor of science degree in Physics from Case Western Reserve University in 1977, and a master of science degree and a doctorate in Materials Science from Cornell University in 1980 and 1982, respectively. In 1990, he was selected into NASA's 13th batch of astronauts and participated in four space shuttle missions in July 1994, July 1995, April 1997 and July 1997. During these four missions, he spent a total of 44 days in space, accomplished in 692 orbits of the Earth, conducted hundreds of microgravity science experiments, and helped deploy a large communications satellite. After that, he became the Mission Director of NASA's Gagarin Space Training Center in Russia. Since retiring from NASA in 2007, Dr. Thomas has devoted himself to the education of space science for youngsters, and has given lectures in countries such as the United Kingdom, India and South Africa.


Reported by Zhou Mi
Photographed by Song Chao and Du Jingjing
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:564
TITLE:Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Carried out at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3483.htm
TEXT:
Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Carried out at Beihang
                

                    Release time：April 17, 2023 / Wen Li
                


On the morning of April 13, a voluntary tree-planting activity was held at the Shahe Campus of Beihang University. It was attended by university leaders, teachers, and student representatives. Among the leaders were Zhao Changlu, Wang Yunpeng, He Xinzhou, Liu Shuchun, Zhang Hailan, Huang Haijun, and Cheng Bo.




The participants together planted 30 trees including acer, chinese scholar tree, white-barked pine, malus 'radiant', prunus davidiana, and other species.


After the tree-planting activity, Zhao Changlu and Wang Yunpeng inspected the completed No. 1 to No. 4 buildings of the Shahe Campus and listened to reports on the construction process.

They fully affirmed the construction of the project and related surroundings and encouraged the construction team to make further efforts.

The No. 1 to No. 4 buildings are located in south part of the west gate of Shahe Campus, with a total construction land area of 29,330 square meters and a total gross floor area of 122,641 square meters. It is the core construction project to promote the adjustment of campus discipline layout and help the university to implement "dual core" development pattern. Since the project started in November 2021, the project team have taken multiple measures to complete the construction of the main structure 7 months ahead of schedule, and the project is expected to be completed and handed over in May 2023, completing and delivering 14 months ahead of schedule, which will save the total project duration of more than 700 days.


Reported by Feng Lina
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Zou Yuliang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:565
TITLE:Beihang Art Troupe Wins Four Gold and One Silver Medals in 2018 Beijing College Students Music Festival
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2417.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Art Troupe Wins Four Gold and One Silver Medals in 2018 Beijing College Students Music Festival
                

                    Release time：December 5, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


Recently, the municipal performance of 2018 Beijing College Students Music Festival, hosted by Beijing Municipal Education Commission and the CPC Beijing Municipal Education Committee, took place in Tsinghua University and Beihang University. The chorus, wind band, symphony orchestra, national music orchestra and acapella club from Beihang University took part in the activity. Finally, they nabbed four gold and one silver medals after the exciting competition.
On November 5th, Beihang Wind Band participated in the group B of wind music performance in Tsinghua University. Under the guidance of conductor Zhang Bingbing, the members of wind band played From Afar and Traveler. Everyone in the band did their best to perform the songs. In the end, their hard work made a deep impression on the audience. 


On November 6th, Beihang Symphony Orchestra was the last one to come on the stage in the group B of orchestral performance. Their repertoire included the first movement of Beethoven's Symphony NO.7 and Songtsiala. The members of symphony orchestra spared no effort in showing the tension and nature of dance when they were playing Symphony NO.7 and the holy sound of Tibet above the clouds during the performance Songtsiala. Their performance was better than ever under the guidance of conductor Jin Gang.


On November 11th, Beihang National Music Orchestra participated in the group B of Chinese multipart folk music performance. The members of national music orchestra first ignited the audience’s excitement with Passionate Memory, and then brought them to the south of the Yangtze River with New Rhymes of Sizhu. Such different pieces of music provided a feast for the audience and judges.


Soar in the Sky, the large original chorus symphonic poem of Beihang University, will be played by BUAA Chorus, Beihang Symphony Orchestra and the host group of Beihang University in the exhibition of excellent works. It will beperformed for the first time at the Sunrise Concert Hall of Beihang University on December 9th, in order to convey the ideals and beliefs of serving the country by workingin the fields of aeronautics and astronautics to the audience in Beijing.


BUAA Chorus and Acapella Club has got one gold and one silver medals with their excellent performance at the vocal performance activity in the first half of the year. Beihang Art Troupe has won four gold and one silver medals in the performance activity of the 2018 Beijing College Students Music Festival. Most of the members in the five groups are not students admitted for specialty in music. They made the most of their vacations and practiced in earnest with other students who specialize in music under the guidance of advisors in preparation for the show, which reflected the aerospace spirit of painstaking efforts. Finally, they staged perfect performances and showed the artistic attainments of Beihangers. 
  
Reported by Yang Zhengdong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Zhi Yuanyuan
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:566
TITLE:Team Led by Academician Wang Huaming Wins WORLDPM2018 PM Product Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2467.htm
TEXT:
Team Led by Academician Wang Huaming Wins WORLDPM2018 PM Product Award
                

                    Release time：September 21, 2018 / Li Siying
                


Hosted by the Chinese Society for Metals（CSM）and China Power Metallurgy Alliance (CPMA), the 2018 World Congress on Powder Metallurgy (WORLDPM2018）opened in Beijing on September 17. It is the first time that the biennial event, which is the foremost one for the international powder metallurgy community, has been held in China since its first congress dating back to 58 years ago. There were approximately 1,200 experts and scholars from 32 countries participating in the Congress this year, among whom are Xu Guanhua, Gan Yong, Huang Boyun, Li Yuanyuan, Wang Huaming, Dong Yang, Bernd Kieback, Matthew Bulger, and so on. Academician Wang Huaming delivered an invited report titled Addictive Manufacturing for High-Performance, Large, Critical Metallic Components and its Impacts on Advanced Equipment Manufacturing Industries.




At the opening ceremony, the Organizing Committee of the Congress announced the winners of WORLDPM2018 PM Product Award, which is set up to reward the high-end equipment featuring great innovation, influence and technological breakthroughs and enjoying a promising prospect of application. The prize went to the product Large Complex and High Performance Components of High Strength and High Damage Tolerance Titanium by Laser Addictive Manufacturing jointly developed by the National Engineering Laboratory of Additive Manufacturing for Large Metallic Components of Beihang University and the AVIC the First Aircraft Institute, which ranked first among the ten rewarded products. The achievement demonstrates the research capabilities of Beihang University in this field.


The above mentioned awarded product proposes and realizes the design and manufacturing of a large complex hollowed-out lightweight titanium whole structure of the airplane. The optimization of one structural topology reduces the weight by 60% (over 260kg), and another simplifies a connecting structure of 6 forgings and 69 threaded bolts into a single integrated structure of high performance and high reliability. It has developed new methods of large complex and high performance components with high strength and high damage tolerance titanium by laser addictive manufacturing, which is vital to the improvement of equipment safety.
The team led by Academician Wang Huaming from the National Engineering Laboratory of Additive Manufacturing for Large Metallic Components of Beihang University has always been engaged in research on the additive manufacturing technology of key whole large high-performance metal components in collaboration with a number of key units in aeronautics and astronautics. Their hard work of over 20 years has sent China to the forefront of the world in the related fields.
  
Reported by Zhu Yanyan
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:567
TITLE:Beihang Signs Cooperation Agreements with Three Japanese Universities
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2525.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Cooperation Agreements with Three Japanese Universities
                

                    Release time：June 11, 2018 / Liu Xinrui
                


Recently, Beihang has signed cooperation agreements with three Japanese universities. It renewed the Beihang University-Tohoku University Cooperation Agreements and Students Exchange Protocol with Tohoku University, signed the Memorandum for Cooperation between Beihang University and Keio University on Technology Disciplines and Science Students Exchange Protocol with Keio University, and subscribed the Beihang University-Tokyo Institute of Technology Cooperation Agreements on Technology Disciplines with Tokyo‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍ Institute of Technology. According to these agreements, Beihang will conduct student exchange activities with Tohoku University and Keio University based on the cross-crediting and free tuition mode, and develop in-depth cooperation relationship with these three universities in the aspects of scientific research, mutual assignment of teachers and academic information sharing.
Tohoku University is a famous national comprehensive research university in Japan and one of the 13 universities selected by the Japanese government to lead the internationalization of higher education. The subject of metallic material in Tohoku University leads the world, and other subjects like physics, chemistry and electrical engineering also belong to the top 50 in the world. In 2018 QS World University Rankings, Tohoku University ranks 76th. Beihang has a long history of cooperation with this university, and has developed deep cooperation in scientific research on subjects like materials, electronics and physics. What’s more, more than 30 students have attended the exchange programs between these two universities.


Keio University is a world-famous private university and also one of the 13 universities selected by the Japanese government to lead the internationalization of higher education. In 2018 QS World University Rankings, Keio University ranks 192nd, and subjects such as machinery, electronic and Electrical ranks between 101st and 150th. The School of Engineering of Keio University is divided into two faculties, Faculty of Science and Technology and Faculty of Environment and Information Studies, including disciplines like math, physics, molecular chemistry, biochemistry, life sciences, information technology, computational mechanics and so on.


Tokyo Institute of Technology is a world-famous university and one of the top national research universities in Japan. What’s more, it is one of the 13 universities selected by the Japanese government to lead the internationalization of higher education. It has many distinguished alumni, e.g., Yoshinori Ohsumi, the winner of the 2016 Nobel Prizein Physiology or Medicine. Tokyo Institute of Technology has tremendous strength in the subjects of science and technology. In 2018 QS World University Rankings, the disciplines of engineering and technology of this university ranks the 14th, natual sciences ranks the 24th. Beihang works closely with Tokyo Institute of Technology in the subjects of material and physics, and has organized bilateral seminars for many times.


  
Reportedby Chen Cui
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Liu Xinrui
‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:568
TITLE:Beihang Students Win National Championship in 19th CASC Cup Manfred Lachs Space Law Moot Court Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3411.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win National Championship in 19th CASC Cup Manfred Lachs Space Law Moot Court Competition
                

                    Release time：December 21, 2022 / Lu Meili
                


From December 17 to 18, the 19th CASC Cup Manfred Lachs Space Law Moot Court Competition (all in English) sponsored by China Institute of Space Law was held online under the guidance of the Department of Treaty and Law of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 48 teams from 28 colleges and universities across China participated in this year’s competition, including Peking University, Beihang University, Beijing Institute of Technology, China University of Political Science and Law, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, East China University of Political Science and Law, Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, and Wuhan University. After tight races, Team No.1 of Beihang University advanced to the final with a leading score and won the national championship over Team No. 2 of China University of Political Science and Law. Chen Shengyi and Ni Xinran won the Best Debater Award and Excellent Debater Award respectively, and Gao Qi won the Best Guidance Award.

For this competition, Gao Qi, associate professor from the School of Law served as the instructor of Beihang teams. Specifically, Team No.1 is consisted of Ni Xinran, Wang Chongyu and Chen Shengyi; Team No.2 is consisted of Wang Yang, Zhou Yi and Ling Lin; moreover, Cui Shuhan, Liu Yiwei and Shao Ziheng, former members of the team, served as team leaders. During the preparation period, Xia Chunli, Gao Guozhu, Bo ShouXing and Ji Guanhao, all teachers from the School of Law, as well as 2022 Beihang Criminal Moot Court team members also provided extra guidance.

With the theme “Laser Activities and the Use of Anti-Satellite Weapons in Outer Space”, this year’s competition covered many cutting-edge issues in the field of space law, such as blinding laser weapons, the illegality of peacetime espionage and compensation for damage caused by helicopter-based anti-satellite missile strikes. After three months of preparation, the team members analysed these issues in detail and they will go on representing Beihang for international events in the Asia-Pacific region.
The Manfred Lachs Space Law Moot Court Competition is an annual, world-class event founded by the International Institute of Space Law (IISL) in 1992, and it is one of the highest and most influential moot court competitions in the world. With the development of China’s aerospace strength, the construction of soft power is also essential. The Space Law Moot Court provides a good platform for more young people to understand and apply the rules of international space law and participate in international space governance.


Reported by Cui Shuhan
Reviewed by Long Weiqiu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:569
TITLE:The 15th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3663.htm
TEXT:
The 15th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
                

                    Release time：December 22, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


From December 16 to 19, Beihang University held the 15th Vision Forum for International Young Scholars. This year's forum attracted more than 110 young scholars from the University of Cambridge, Yale University, Imperial College London, and other top universities in the world to participate on site, and more than 900 young scholars to attend online.

The opening ceremony and the main forum were held on the morning of December 17 at the Vision International Cultural Exchange Center. Beihang President Wang Yunpeng, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Yang Lijun, Academician Gong Shengkai, and heads of relevant departments, schools and research institutes participated in the event. The opening ceremony and main forum were presided over by Zhang Yi, Minister of Human Resources Department and Director of the Talent Work Office of the Party Committee.
In his speech, Wang Yunpeng extended a warm welcome to the young scholars from home and abroad who participated in the forum. He stated that the report of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China integrated education, science and technology, and talent, highlighted that "talent is the first resource", implemented the strategy of building a strong country with talent, and put forward the important policy of building a world important talent center and innovation hub. Beihang University always regards talent as the foundation of its establishment and the source of its strength. Beihang has held the Vision Forum for seven consecutive years, attracting a large number of outstanding young scholars to participate in the grand event and join Beihang.

Wang Yunpeng pointed out that Beihang will continue to make good use of the Vision Forum's talent introduction brand, providing young scholars around the world with an information platform to understand, recognize, and join Beihang, an innovative platform for in-depth discussions and academic exchanges, as well as a platform for gathering global intellectual resources and promoting the construction of Beihang's "Double First-Class". Beihang will always adhere to the innovative genes of serving the country and daring to be the first, the spirit of magnanimity and inclusiveness, and the team culture of cross teaming and collaborative research. Beihang sincerely invites young scholars to join Beihang and work together to realize dreams!
Yang Lijun delivered a report titled "Advancing Journey, Gathering Talents, Serving the Country and Towards the Future". He systematically introduced the development achievements of Beihang in various fields such as discipline construction, talent cultivation, scientific research innovation, talent introduction, and international exchanges, and expounded the new platforms, policies, guarantees, and measures for talent gathering and education. He pointed out that Beihang will deepen the implementation of the Talent Strong University strategy, continue to make good use of the overseas talent introduction brand of Vision Forum, and focus on providing solid talent guarantee for building a world-class university with Chinese characteristics.

Academician Gong Shengkai announced the list of winners for the Best Report of the 14th Vision Forum, and encouraged the winners to devote themselves to scientific research, make greater contributions in their respective fields. He looked forward to meeting them at Beihang to contribute to the innovative development of the national aerospace industry.
At the main forum, Academician Gong Shengkai, Professor and National Leading Talent Song Fengqi from Nanjing University, Executive Vice President of International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science and National Leading Talent Tao Fei, and Dean of Zhongfa Aviation Institute of Beihang University Hong Guanxin, gave their reports respectively. Their sharing has brought abundant benefits to the young talents attending the forum.

During the exchange and interview session, Wu Jianghao, Executive Vice President and Director of the Comprehensive Management Department of the Graduate School, Tian Daxin, Vice President and Director of the Frontier Innovation Department of the Institute of Science and Technology, and Zhao Zihua, Deputy Director of the Discipline Development Office of the Planning and Finance Department, combined their personal work experience to introduce the university's policy measures in graduate enrollment and training, scientific research and innovation platform guarantee, and discipline construction and development layout. Pan Caofeng, a professor at the International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science and a national leading talent, shared his experience of returning to China from overseas and joining Beihang University, answering questions and providing guidance for young scholars attending the conference.

During the forum, Beihang organized various activities such as academic presentations, exchange and sharing, visits to the university history museum and laboratory, exploring cutting-edge international academic issues, broadening academic horizons, promoting exchange and cooperation, and strengthening the young scholars’ comprehensive understanding of the university's development.

This year's Vision Forum has established 34 sub-forums across various disciplines, which will be held by each school and research institute from December 17, 2023 to the end of December 2023, in a combination of online and offline channels.



Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars has been successfully held for fifteen sessions since 2016. More than 5,000 young scholars from multiple world-class universities have been invited to participate, and more than 260 young scholars have become members of the talent team of Beihang University. More than 80 have been selected for the national overseas high-level talent introduction plan by Beihang University. The forum has become an important window and platform for the university's overseas talent introduction.


Reviewed by: Li Jianwei
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:570
TITLE:Beihang Teacher Participates in Compilation of Guidance for the Public on Protective Measures Against Coronavirus Disease
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2197.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teacher Participates in Compilation of Guidance for the Public on Protective Measures Against Coronavirus Disease
                

                    Release time：April 13, 2020 / Ren Chenjie
                


Given the current global spread of COVID-19, China has made vigorous efforts to share its experience in fighting the epidemic and provide various materials and assistance to other countries.
On April 3, Wang Yue, a teacher from the Department of Russian Studies of the School of Foreign Languages, received an emergent task of translating the Guidance for the Public on Protective Measures Against Coronavirus Disease into Russian from the China Intercontinental Press which is affiliated with the State Council Information Office. This manual aims to provide the publich with the accurate, authoritative and professional knowledge on protective measures against COVID-19, so as to aviod public panic and improve their self protection strategy.

Despite the heavy teaching tasks this term, Wang Yue still accepted this assignment unhesitatingly, considering its significance for global prevention and control of COVID-19. She worked around the clock and finished the compilation of the Russian edition in two days.
The Russian version compiled by Wang Yue has been widely promoted in many Russian-speaking countries such as Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan, and has been reported by various mainstream media.
Wang Yue, as an excellent young teacher of the School of Foreign Languages, has published 25 translations and one monograph. She presided over one National Natural Science Foundation project and participated in seven. She was once awarded the first prize of the 30th Han Suyin International Translation Competition and was invited to participate in live programs of mainstream media and major international conferences as a simultaneous interpreter.


Reported by Liu Wei
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:571
TITLE:Four Professors and Two Alumni of Beihang Elected to CAS/CAE
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2245.htm
TEXT:
Four Professors and Two Alumni of Beihang Elected to CAS/CAE
                

                    Release time：November 25, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On Oct. 22, four professors and two alumni of Beihang University have been selected as new members of the Chinese Academy of Science (CAS) and the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE).
Currently working at Beihang, the three faculty members elected are Gong Shengkai, Su Donglin and Xiang Jinwu to the CAE. Fan Wenfei was appointed a foreign member of CAS.

Gong Shengkai, CAE Academician
Gong Shengkai, Professor of the School of Materials Science and Engineering, is the owner of the first class National Technology Invention Award, over 80 patents and nearly 300 SCI papers. His research focuses on intermetallic compounds, single crystal superalloys and thermal barrier coatings.

Su Donglin, CAE Academician
Su Donglin, who acquired bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees from Beihang, is currently a professor in the School of Electronics and Information Engineering. Dedicated to the theory and engineering application of electromagnetic compatibility, she has hosted more than 30 projects on electromagnetic compatibility of major equipment. She has received one first-class State Technology Invention Award and two second-class National Science Progress Awards.

Xiang Jinwu, CAE Academician
Xiang Jinwu is now Chief Designer of Institute of Unmanned System. He has won two first-class National Science Progress Awards and Ho Leung Ho Lee Foundation Prize for Scientific and Technological Innovation. He was elected as a Changjiang Distinguished Professor, with research interest in unmanned aerial vehicle technology and development.

Fan Wenfei, a foreign member of CAS
Fan Wenfei is the director of Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data and Brain Computing, with research interests focusing on database theory and systems including big data, data quality, distributed computing, query languages, recommender systems and precision marketing of social network.
Apart from the existing faculty members, the two Beihang alumni elected to the CAE are Cao Jianguo and Yang Weijia.

Cao Jianguo, CAS Academician
Cao Jianguo, who studied the automatic control of flight vehicles at Beihang during 1981 to 1985, is the Chairman of Aero Engine Corporation of China.

Yang Weijia, a foreign member of CAE
Yang Weijia, Professor of Georgia Institute of Technology, is elected as a foreign member of CAE. He was appointed a Chair Professor of Beihang University during 2005 to 2008. He was elected an academician of National Academy of Engineering of America in 2015.


Edited and Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:572
TITLE:President Wang Yunpeng Has a Symposium with Freshmen Representatives of Class of 2023
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3592.htm
TEXT:
President Wang Yunpeng Has a Symposium with Freshmen Representatives of Class of 2023
                

                    Release time：September 1, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On the morning of August 30, Beihang President Wang Yunpeng had a cordial discussion with 13 freshmen representatives of the Class of 2023 from different schools at Wings Cafe, Shahe Campus. Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo also attended the symposium.


On behalf of Beihang University, Wang Yunpeng welcomed and congratulated the freshmen. In a relaxed and enjoyable atmosphere, students shared their study experience, feelings about growth, reasons for applying to Beihang University, first impressions of the university, and aspirations for future university life.


Yong Junxiang from the School of Energy and Power Engineering said that he likes to explore natural phenomena, and that it was the science popularization lectures held in his high school that made him get to know the aircraft power engineering major in Beihang’s Plan for Strengthening Basic Academic Disciplines and choose to apply for it. Li Yuxi from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering expressed her hope to contribute to solving “bottleneck” problems in the field of smart medicine in China. Xie Kaizhou from Shen Yuan Honors College shared his experience of participating in simulated space missions in the International Space Settlement Design Competition. Ding Yi from Shen Yuan Honors College shared his experience of how he was influenced by Academician Cao Jianguo, a high school alumnus, and determined to apply to Beihang University. Huang Ziye from Chuanyuan College, the youngest freshman this year and who also shares the same date of birth with Beihang University, hoped that he could find something that could interest him in Beihang, nail down his dream and work hard for it.



Zhang Shumeng from Chuanyuan College introduced the process of deepening her understanding of Beihang from childhood to high school, and said that she would devote herself to scientific research and contribute to the building of a powerful nation in information technology. Wang Ziqi from Shi’e College said he was moved by the humanistic touch of Beihang, and hoped that he could realize his ideal of serving the country in the future. Lu Zuyang from Fengru College told the story of how he and his high school roommates Fan Yunran and He Qibang set a common goal of getting enrolled in Beihang and successfully made it. Xiong Bingqing from Shou’e College, who was admitted to Beihang with her twin sister Xiong Yujie, hoped to participate in as many voluntary public welfare activities as possible after fulfilling their professional study so as to help more people. Deng Hanyue from Zhizhen College introduced her plan for future study and life, hoping to continuously clarify her goals and develop comprehensively. Hu Jinrong from Zhixing College said that Beihang's rigorous style of study deeply attracted her, and she hoped to contribute to the national aviation law, international law and other fields in the future.

During the discussion, President Wang listened carefully to each student's speech and highly appreciated students' confident, positive and optimistic mental outlook. "I have been thinking about what kind of education environment Beihang should provide for its students to help them thrive in this fertile soil." He started from the dialectical relationship between university education and talent cultivation, and shared the growth experience in university with the students. He pointed out that Beihang insists on training talents for the Party and the country, with a primary focus on cultivating the correct outlook of the world, life, and values in students and guiding students to act according to socialist core values.
"Beihang always cares about the growth of all students," said President Wang, "and I will accompany everyone to grow up together." He hoped that the students would always uphold the university motto “Integrate Virtue with Brilliance and Combine Knowledge with Practice”, carry forward the Beihang spirit of “serving the country through aerospace endeavors" as the core, experience and grow in a college life full of hope, and grow into socialist builders and successors with all-round development.

Relevant Leaders from the Office of Party and Government Affairs, Publicity Department of the Party Committee, Department of Student Affairs, Department of Academic Affairs, Department of General Affairs and Student Center also attended the symposium.


Reported by Liu Kexun and Cheng Jinpeng
Photographed by Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:573
TITLE:Beihang Signs Agreement with AVIC INTL to Build Talent Training Base
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3536.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Signs Agreement with AVIC INTL to Build Talent Training Base
                

                    Release time：June 8, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


On May 31, Beihang University and AVIC International Holding Corporation (AVIC INTL) signed a talent training base agreement at Ruxin Conference Center. Cheng Baozhong, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of AVIC INTL, Lyu Weifeng, Vice President of Beihang University, and heads of related departments from AVIC INTL and Beihang University attended the ceremony. Jin Tian, Director of the Department of Academic Affairs of Beihang University, presided over the signing ceremony.

Lyu Weifeng introduced the basic situation of Beihang University in talent cultivation, discipline construction, scientific and technological innovation, and teaching staff. He said that Beihang University and AVIC INTL have always had a deep and solid foundation for cooperation. He hoped that both sides could take this signing as an opportunity and focus on the major strategic needs of China to further deepen cooperation, integrate resources, and innovate models in undergraduate classes, professional degree graduate training, and employment. Both sides will make efforts to accelerate the construction of a world-class aviation enterprise and world-class university and jointly contribute to the building of an aviation power.
Cheng Baozhong gave a detailed introduction to the company, including its development history and its specific cooperation with Beihang University in the construction of MBA classes, the establishment of scholarships and student employment. He pointed out that Beihang University and AVIC INTL have close cooperation in the field of talent training, and Beihang University continuously delivers a large number of outstanding talents to the company. At present, AVIC INTL is building a talent center and innovation hub, hoping that both sides will take the opportunity of jointly building a talent training base to further integrate the advantages of the resources and cultivate high-end talents.

Qian Zheng, Director of the Department of Academic Affairs of Beihang University, and Zhang Liwei, Deputy Director of the Human Resources Department and Organization Department of Party Committee of AVIC INTL, signed the agreement on behalf of Beihang University and AVIC INTL respectively. Lyu Weifeng, Cheng Baozhong, and other leaders jointly witnessed the signing.


Reported by Lei Yu
Reviewed by Qian Zheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:574
TITLE:Beihang Wins Highest Honor in 17th “Challenge Cup” Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3278.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins Highest Honor in 17th “Challenge Cup” Contest
                

                    Release time：April 18, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On April 12, the 17th “Challenge Cup” National College Students’ Extracurricular Academic Science and Technology Contest came to an end. With three grand prizes and three first prizes in main competitions, Beihang University nabbed the highest honor “Challenge Cup” and the “Best Organization Award”, ranking first in total score. It is the third time that Beihang won “Challenge Cup”  (the other two were got in 2009 and 2019 respectively), so the university was awarded a replica of the Cup that can be kept forever. Moreover, Beihang updated its record of being the only university that has won cups for 17 consecutive contests.

Fu Zhenbang, secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League of China, presents the Challenge Cup to Beihang (Photo by the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League  of China)
Zhuang Yan, Secretary of the Youth League Committee of Beihang, delivered a speech on behalf of all participating universities. He mentioned that young innovative talent is the backbone of realizing the country's self-reliance and self-improvement in science and technology, and this contest provides a platform for young innovators nationwide to show themselves and a direction to strive for. Beihang University has always regarded the “Challenge Cup”  Contest as a significant opportunity to cultivate its students, and has been committed to developing people who remain true to their aspiration, possess both strong basic knowledge and practice skills, and have strengths in combining science and education. Fengru-3 team from Beihang, as a representative of grand prize winners, presented their project during the ceremony.

Beihang earns the highest honor “Challenge Cup” and the “Best Organization Award”
Since April 2020, Beihang has started the preparation for the 17th National “Challenge Cup” Contest and has conducted more than 200 project selections and roadshows over the past two years. After several rounds of competition, all six projects selected by our university were shortlisted, earning three grand prizes and three first prizes in the final round held from March 26 to 28.
In addition, Beihang students bagged prizes in all special competitions, including two “Stellar Award” and two “Planetary Award” in the "Black Technology" special competition, two second prizes in the "Unveiling and Commanding" special competition, and a third prize in the "Red Special Activity".
In recent years, Beihang University has adhered to integrating innovation and entrepreneurship education into the cultivation of talent, leveraging its strengths in scientific research to train more qualified talent based on its orientation and disciplinary characteristics. In future, Beihang will advance its talent cultivation project with a focus on fostering virtue through education. An active campus atmosphere will be created to guide students to devote themselves to science and technology innovation, and to become the new generation capable of shouldering the mission of national rejuvenation.



Reported by Tang Zewen
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:575
TITLE:Shakespeare's "Hamlet" by Beihang Teachers and Students Premiered
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2223.htm
TEXT:
Shakespeare's "Hamlet" by Beihang Teachers and Students Premiered
                

                    Release time：December 31, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


A new version of William Shakespeare's famous tragedy Hamlet, created by Beihang teachers and students, was premiered at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall on the evening of December 26. Beihang Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, leaders from the Office of Graduate Student Affairs, the School of Foreign Languages and Zhixing College, as well as teachers and students from various schools watched the live theatre performance together.

During the play, some classic plots, like Hamlet's famous soliloquy “To be or not to be, that is the question” and the confrontation between Hamlet and Laertes, were perfectly reproduced one by one on the stage, giving the audience a unique chance to experience the charm of classical art.


Hamlet by Beihang teachers and students was carefully adapted into a new version by ingeniously paring down the complex storylines while keeping the integrity of original plot intact. With novelty arrangement and outstanding presentation, this production pulled the play out of the past, bringing a terrific cultural feast for the audience.


The success of the English stage play Hamlet injects new vitality to students’campus cultural life. The organization of such activities also offers students the unique opportunity to improve their intercultural communication ability and expand their international vision, which helps build a more open and inclusive “Beihang Global Campus”.

The event was hosted by the Office of Graduate Student Affairs and the School of Foreign Languages, and supported by Publicity Ministry of the Party, Youth League Committee, and Student Affairs, among others.



Reported by Liu Wei and Yin Ruyue
Photographed by Tian Wenhao
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:576
TITLE:Beihang Students Attend Summer School of Technion-Israel Institute of Technology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2288.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Attend Summer School of Technion-Israel Institute of Technology
                

                    Release time：August 30, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


Five students from five schools of Beihang University took part in the summer school program of Technion-Israel Institute of Technology from July 30 to August 22. The program received support from the Council for Higher Education of Israel and attracted over 140 students from universities in China, Singapore and so on.

The main activity of the summer school was learning. In addition to the required course in Israeli culture, the students could choose from seven courses, including Image Processing and Analysis, Introduction to Machine Learning, The Web as a Learning Environment, etc. After finishing a month’s study and passing the corresponding examinations, they received the certificate of the program.
Besides courses, Technion-Israel Institute of Technology also provided lectures on science and technology and Israel’s innovation culture, which helped deepen the participants’ understanding of the innovation capability of Israel. The university also organized a culture trip to Acre, Jerusalem, the Dead Sea and so on. Through various activities, the students experienced the unique culture of Israel and gained insights into the glorious and time-honored history of the country, and the five Beihangers also won praise from the organizer for their excellent academic performance and ability to communicate with foreigners.

Located in Haifa, the third largest city of Israel, Technion-Israel Institute of Technology is a world-renowned university of technology famous in the fields of science, engineering and informatics. It ranks 85th in Academic Ranking of World Universities 2019. At present, it is a key partner of Beihang in Israel and the two universities cooperate closely in the areas of student exchange and research.


Reported by Xia Daiyun
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:577
TITLE:10th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3123.htm
TEXT:
10th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Convened
                

                    Release time：June 26, 2021 / Li Xueru
                



On June 20, 2021, the 10th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held both online and offline simultaneously. More than 50 doctors from Tsinghua University, Peking University, Beihang University, University of Science and Technology of China and other domestic famous universities were present at the meeting. Over 500 talents from leading foreign universities such as Harvard University and Oxford University attended the meeting through online platforms.
Among the attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, Academician Zheng Zhiming, Academician Su Donglin, and leaders from various schools. Zhang Yi, Director of Human Resource Department, presided over the ceremony.

The main forum
In her keynote speech, Cao shumin delivered her warmest welcome to all scholars from home and abroad. She said that Beihang University was born for and grows together with the country, and it has always been serving the country's major strategic needs over the past 70 years. With a strong sense of patriotism in serving the nation, Beihangers have made significant contributions in the field of aeronautics and astronautics and will spare no effort to create a more brilliant future. To promote the development of the nation and the university, Beihang will adopt a more active, open and effective talent introduction policy to attract talents. She welcomes young talents from all over the world to join Beihang and seek common development.

Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, delivered a keynote speech
The 10th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars officially kicked off as Cao Shumin, Zhao Gang, Zheng Zhiming and Su Donglin pushed the start button together.

The opening ceremony
Centering on three topics of national tasks, technological innovation, and talent introduction and cultivation, Zhao Gang comprehensively reviewed Beihang’s development and achievements since its establishment. He introduced the historical evolution of the disciplinary construction of the university and the disciplinary planning and development goals in the future. He pointed out that to meet the national strategic needs, Beihang will promote the disciplinary strategic construction and the development of Shahe Campus, forming a “dual-core mode” of rapid development. He sincerely invited talented young people to join the faculty of Beihang and join hands to realize the dream of life.

Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, delivered a speech
Following that, Academician Su Donglin, Prof. Hu Qinglei and Prof. Zhao Weisheng gave special reports on the research progress and key scientific issues in their specialized fields respectively.

Academician Su Donglin, Prof. Hu Qinglei and Prof. Zhao Weisheng gave special reports
In the following panel discussion, Prof. Lyu Weifeng, Assistant to the President and Executive Vice Dean of the Graduate School, Prof. Tao Fei, Vice Dean of the Institute of Science and Technology, Prof. Wu Ruilin, Vice Director of the Development and Planning Department and Director of the Discipline Construction Division, and Prof. Liu Mingjie, Dean of the School of Chemistry, briefed the guests on related policies on university planning and development, postgraduate resources, discipline construction, scientific research platform support, and resource guarantee, and shared successful experiences and insights on employment choices and personal development.

Prof. Lyu Weifeng, Prof. Tao Fei, Prof. Wu Ruilin and  Prof. Liu Mingjie introduced related polices and shared their experiences
On the afternoon of June 20, four sub-forums were simultaneously held, covering engineering science, information science, materials physics and chemistry, and business and economics. Participants had in-depth discussions on international academic frontiers and hot issues in each specific field.


The sub-forums
Since 2016, the forum has been held 9 times and in recent years, it has made great contributions to talent introduction. Nearly 200 young talents have landed jobs in the university and 43 of them were chosen into the National Talents Introduction Plan.


Reported by Xue Guoqing
Reviewed by Zhang Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:578
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Grand Prize in 6th International Conference on UPINLBS
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2238.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Grand Prize in 6th International Conference on UPINLBS
                

                    Release time：December 9, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


The Sixth International Conference on Ubiquitous Positioning, Indoor Navigation and Location-Based Services (UPINLBS 2019) was held in Beijing. During the conference, the committee organized an indoor navigation contest consisting of three groups: Bluetooth, Ultra Wide Band (UWB) and Internal Navigation System (INS). A team from Beihang took the grand prize in the Bluetooth group final after winning the first prize in the preliminary round.

The team, guided by Prof. Xiu Chundi, consisted of one graduate student enrolled in 2017 (Wei Haisong) and four graduate students enrolled in 2018 (Wang Jingqi, Zhang Hongye, Zhao Lirong and Han Zhuoyi) from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering. Since its establishment in 2012, the team of Prof. Xiu has cultivated four Ph.D. students, over 20 graduate students and four overseas students. It has undertaken many projects, such as projects of the National High-Tech R&D Program (863 Program) and the Innovation Application Program of the Ministry of Public Security of the PRC, and has applied for over ten national invention patents (five of which have been granted), as well as several patents on software copyright. In 2018, the team won the second prize in the Second Situation of the First Indoor Navigation and Positioning Contest held by the National Remote Sensing Center of China (NRSCC) and the third prize in the Beijing Division of the Second “Beidou+” Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition.


Reported by Wei Haisong
Reviewed by Zhang Yaotian
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:579
TITLE:Beihang 2018 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2515.htm
TEXT:
Beihang 2018 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony
                

                    Release time：June 26, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of June 24th, the 2018 Beihang University Graduation and Commencement Ceremony for Undergraduates was grandly held at Beihang Gymnasium. Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice President Wei Zhimin, Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Fang Jiancheng and Huang Haijun, Deputy Party Secretary Li Junfeng, Vice President Wang Yunpeng, President Assistant Zhang Guang, teacher representative Prof. Liu Hong, alumni representative Xu Zewei, academic degree evaluation committee members, invited professor representatives, faculty, as well as over 3,000 undergraduates from 27 schools were present at the ceremony. Vice President Huang Haijun presided over the commencement ceremony.


At the ceremony
The opening video Colors of Youth, depicted in four colors, demonstrated the persistence of Beihangers and their vibrant college life. The four years of college experiences gradually unfolded before the graduates’ eyes as the memories were pieced together by the sincere narration and familiar scenes.
The graduation ceremony kicked off with the solemn national anthem.




The ceremony of raising national flag and playing national anthem
The graduation ceremony also witnessed the honorary awarding ceremony for Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing announced by Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, Undergraduate Defense Employment Scholarship, Excellent National Defense Graduates and Excellent Dual Enrollment Student Pilots announced by Vice President Wei Zhimin and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, respectively.


Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin announced the list of Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing


Vice President Wei Zhimin and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou announced winners for Undergraduate Defense Employment Scholarship, Excellent National Defense Graduates and Excellent Dual Enrollment Student Pilots, respectively


Award-winning representatives received the honors on stage
In his address to the graduating students, President Xu Huibin expressed congratulations for 2018 graduates and expected the graduates to become real doers with responsibilities after graduation. He also explained the profound connotations of “real doer” to the graduates with examples of excellent Beihang people. “In the 66-year education course, generations of Beihang people have created new glories through practical actions. I hope you will continue as a new generation of role models and be determined to become a real doer as you embark on a new journey in your life,” said President Xu. He hoped that the graduates should live up to this great era and never give up their dreams, dare to be someone who “look up at the starry sky while standing on solid ground”, and constantly refresh Beihang’s reputation and glory with practical actions in the future.


President Xu Huibin delivered his address to the graduating students


Students listened to the last lecture from President Xu before graduation
Following President Xu’s address, representative of 2018 graduates Hao Ce from the School of Astronautics, a winner of ShenYuan Award, reviewed his four-year study and research life in Beihang, shared his entrepreneurial experience and expressed his gratitude for his teachers and Alma Mater. Teacher representative Prof. Liu Hong, Chief Designer of Lunar Palace 1, brought a “special gift” for graduates, the spirits of the Lunar Palace 1 team. She encouraged the graduates to be one with dreams, enthusiasm, ambitions, courage, energy and responsibilities. She also shared her ten-year scientific research experience of building Lunar Palace 1 (a comprehensive experimental facility with bioregenerative life support system, which is the first in China and the third in the world) from scrach. Alumni representative Xu Zewei, Chairman of 91 Technology Group, recalled his college years and entrepreneurial experience and expressed his sincere wishes for the 2018 graduates.


Prof. Liu Hong, Mr. Xu Zewei and Hao Ce delivered speeches as teacher, alumni and graduate representatives, respectively
At the ceremony, graduate representatives from each school presented flowers to teacher representatives, and all graduates stood up and expressed their gratitude to the teachers with warm applauses.


Representatives of 2018 graduates from each school presented flowers to teacher representatives
The ceremony ended with all graduates singing Beihang anthem Looking Up at the Starry Sky (in Chinese: Yang Wang Xing Kong) to express their deep affection for their Alma Mater.


All graduates sang Beihang anthem Looking Up at the Starry Sky
In the following degree-awarding ceremony, university leaders and academic degree evaluation committee members plucked the tassel from the honorary hoods and awarded degrees and certificates to the new graduates. With the best wishes and blessings from Beihang teachers and students, the graduates will start a brand-new chapter in their life.








Degree-awarding ceremony




Graduates took photos with President Xu and their parents at the ceremony
  
Reported and edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:580
TITLE:Beihang Global Competency Development Forum Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3661.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Global Competency Development Forum Held
                

                    Release time：December 18, 2023 / 
                


The Beihang Global Competency Development Forum kicked off on December 10 at Ruxin Conference Centre in the Xueyuan Road Campus. Yang Lijun, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, and Li Dongdong, former Deputy Director General of the General Administration of Press and Publication, graced the forum with their opening speeches. Zhou Li, former Vice Minister of the Liaison Department of the Central People's Government of China, made the opening report.

Hosted by the School of Foreign Languages, and co-organized by Shen Yuan College, the forum welcomed esteemed guests and representatives from ten institutions, including the Foreign Languages Bureau of China, the State Atomic Energy Agency, China Daily, the European Union Association of China, the Chinese Embassy in France, the Shanghai Institute of Global Governance and Regional Country Studies, China Central Radio and Television (CCTV), Tsinghua University, Beijing Foreign Studies University, and the Foreign Affairs College.
In his speech, Yang Lijun noted that this forum marks a significant stride in broadening and deepening global competency development in both research and practical realms. He expressed Beihang's earnest desire to collaborate with all participants in nurturing internationally-oriented talents aligned with the requisites of national progress.
Li Dongdong emphasized that contemporary students should focus on improving cross-cultural understanding and communication skills. He underscored the significance of cultivating a robust skill set to effectively navigate the swift changes and ongoing integration of the world. He also encouraged students to become international talents equipped with global vision.
Leveraging his extensive management background and practical expertise, Zhou Li delivered a report on the theme of "General and Specific Principles and Their Application in International Relations." Drawing from foundational principles encompassing both general and specific aspects, he encouraged students to pay attention to the international situation, foster a correct perspective on history, comprehend the broader context, and understand individual roles within it.
Following that, an esteemed panel of speakers made keynote reports, delving into topics such as international communication, cross-cultural exchanges, mutual appreciation between Chinese and foreign civilizations, global governance, and talent training for international organizations. Among them were Huang Ping, Deputy Director of the Department of International Cooperation at the National Atomic Energy Agency; Xiao Lianbing, Deputy Secretary General of the European Union Association of China; Zhang Li, Vice Dean of Tsinghua University School of Journalism and Communication; Li Jingjing, Vice Dean from CCTV's China International Television; Huang Wei, First-Class Inspector from the Chinese Bureau of Foreign Languages' Comprehensive Business Department; Sun Jisheng, Vice President of the Foreign Affairs College; Zeng Qingkai, Editor-in-Chief of the Chinese Daily News 21st Century Newspaper; Jia Wenjian, Deputy Secretary and Vice President of Beijing Foreign Studies University; Ma Yansheng, former Minister-Counsellor of Education at the Chinese Embassy in France; and Hu Chunchun, head of the postgraduate course on the characteristics of European civilizations at the Shanghai Institute of Global Governance and Regional Country Studies.

Throughout the forum, student representatives engaged in profound discussions with the experts on various subjects, such as international exchange learning, strategies for becoming global governance talents, and methods to expand their international perspectives. The experts encouraged students to strive for continuous improvement in their comprehensive abilities.
Xiao Hong, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University School of Foreign Languages, delivered the closing speech, outlining the college's future endeavors. He said that in the future, the college will strengthen the internationalization of talent development and cultivate students' ability to effectively learn and excel in international and multicultural settings.



Written by: Liu Yuanbo, Liu Wei, Fan Zhuoyi
Reviewed by: Xiao Hong
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Zhuo Yuzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:581
TITLE:Beihang International Student Wins First Prize in 2019 “FLTRP ETIC Cup” English Public Speaking Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2410.htm
TEXT:
Beihang International Student Wins First Prize in 2019 “FLTRP ETIC Cup” English Public Speaking Contest
                

                    Release time：December 17, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Beihang International student Surucchawadi Seweewanlop won the first prize for her outstanding performance in the “FLTRP ETIC Cup” English Public Speaking Contest held in Beijing on December 5th-9th. 
On the final stage of impromptu speech, Seweewanlop won the unanimous recognition of the guests and the audience with her excellent oral language and intelligent answers. She vividly described China's exploration in economic and political reform by the analogy of "crossing the river by touching stones". She pointed out that during the period of reform and opening up, China did not choose an easy way, but forge ahead step by step, which laid a solid foundation for China's development. Although the road of reform is long and obstructed, it is in this process that China found its way. 
Seweewanlop enrolled at Beihang in 2018. In an interview, she said, “Participating in the competition is one of the most correct choices I have ever made. It's a great honor for me to stand out from thousands of competitors to take part in the finals. Through the competition, I have made friends with the participants from all over China, who have different educational backgrounds, but are well-trained, diligent and intelligent. During the competition, when the participants heard that my major is international law, they all said, ‘No wonder that your speech is so logical.’ I am very happy to hear these praise, but those words also urge me to be more strict with myself to reach a higher level in learning. I also learned a life motto in the competition, ‘the real warriors are not those who never fear, but those who dare to face fear.’ I am very grateful for the opportunity offered by FLTRP and Beihang. And, I want to say to you: we must challenge ourselves, believe in ourselves!” 
  
Reported by Yang Fan
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:582
TITLE:Beihang Research Team Wins Best Paper Award in 29th ACM International Conference on Multimedia
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3181.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Research Team Wins Best Paper Award in 29th ACM International Conference on Multimedia
                

                    Release time：October 27, 2021 / Liang Xiaochun
                


An article titled “Video Background Music Generation with Controllable Music Transformer” won the Best Paper Award in the 29th ACM International Conference on Multimedia (ACM MM) held both online and offline from October 20 to 24, 2021. Di Shangzhe and Jiang Zeren, two master students of Beihang University, are the co-first authors, and Associate Professor Liu Si from the Institute of Artificial Intelligence is the corresponding author of the paper.

In the paper, the authors proposed an automated method of generating background music for videos for the first time, and also established a rhythmic relationship between video and background music.
ACM MM is the most influential international conference in multimedia field. In total, 2,544 papers were submitted and 542 papers were accepted for this year’s conference, covering all important research fields of multimedia technology, such as multi-modal analysis and description, multimedia retrieval and recommendation, vision and language. Only one paper was considered for the Best Paper Award in the conference.


Reported by Ding Qin
Reviewed by Jin Rong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Liang Xiaochun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:583
TITLE:Cordial Dialogue Between President Wang Yunpeng and 2022 Freshmen Representatives
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3379.htm
TEXT:
Cordial Dialogue Between President Wang Yunpeng and 2022 Freshmen Representatives
                

                    Release time：October 10, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


On the morning of October 3, Beihang President Wang Yunpeng had a cordial discussion with 2022 freshmen representatives at Wings Cafe, Xinbei District, Xueyuan Road Campus. Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo also attended the meeting.

On behalf of Beihang University, Wang Yunpeng extended cordial greetings to the freshmen and had a caring communication with them. In a relaxed and enjoyable atmosphere, students shared their feelings about school life, personal future plans and their suggestions on the school development, personnel training, life security and other aspects.

Gao Yanglei, a freshman from the Institute of Artificial Intelligence extended his expectation that he would continue to improve his ability to solve challenging problems in the field of artificial intelligence. Zhao Junbo, a new graduate student of the ShenYuan Honors College expressed that he felt extremely excited and proud to integrate his personal pursuits into the national strategy. Cai Yi, a new graduate student of the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering and a member of the 23rd Graduate Education Group, narrated his perception and growth in Ningxia volunteer teaching program. Li Jinying, a new PhD student from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, introduced her experiences as a Chinese and English interpreter in Beihang University Aerospace Museum during her undergraduate period. She profoundly sensed the older generation of scientists’ selfless dedication to national space services.

President Wang Yunpeng fully affirmed the students’ confident mental outlook, sturdy choices of major and clear future planning. He pointed out that students were precious talent, and Beihang University would leave no stone unturned to provide a variety of education sources for talent-cultivation and train students to become well-rounded socialist builders and successors. Moreover, he stressed that students should take learning as the primary task, improve their humanities and engineering abilities, and find their life focus as soon as possible from an international perspective. He further hoped that they could keep up with China’s new era, closely combine personal growth with the national economic and social development, and strive to become helpful contributors for national rejuvenation.



Reported by Sun Tianxu and Xu Zheng
Photographed by Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:584
TITLE:“Meet Your Best Self in Dancing ”-Themed Training to Psychological Committee Members 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2336.htm
TEXT:
“Meet Your Best Self in Dancing ”-Themed Training to Psychological Committee Members
                

                    Release time：May 14, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


With the theme of “Meet Your Best Self in Dancing”, a training by Quan Jianghong from China Foreign Affairs University (CFAU) was held for over 30 psychological committee members at Shahe Campus on the afternoon of May 8.
The activity was hosted by the Psychological Center of Positive Experience (Shahe Campus) and co-organized by Fengru College, Shie College, the School of Beijing, the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering and the Mental Health Studio.

During the training, the first two special warm-up games narrowed the distance between psychological committee members. The members gained their empathy and initiative in the following two games — “mirror” game and “silk scarf” game, and gradually had a deeper understanding of how to accept themselves and their peers through the “creative space” game. Following that, the two-part series — “I'm not the same” and “You in my eyes” — enabled them to learn the ways to appreciate themselves and praise others. Finally, Quan Jianghong made a summary of this training, and the members also recorded and shared their insights.



Dance/movement therapy is the psychotherapeutic use of movement and dance to help a client achieve emotional, cognitive, physical and social integration. It can not only help cure physical and mental disorders, but also enhance personal consciousness and mental improvement.
Quan Jianghong is a full-time teacher of the Psychological Counseling Center of CFAU, as well as a certified China-German dance/movement therapist and a practitioner of improv and psychodrama. She headed and participated in five research projects of CFAU or Beijing, published eight articles, and complied and translated five textbooks altogether. Her research mainly focuses on psychological health of college student, dance/movement therapy and psychodrama.
 
Reported by Zhang Jia and Zhao Xinyu
Photographed by Zuo Shumiao
Reviewed by Gao Jing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:585
TITLE:Professor Lin Guiping from School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering Awarded Capital Labor Medal 2023
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3489.htm
TEXT:
Professor Lin Guiping from School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering Awarded Capital Labor Medal 2023
                

                    Release time：April 28, 2023 / Song Ziyun
                


Professor Lin Guiping from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering at Beihang University has been awarded the Capital Labor Medal by the Beijing Municipal Federation of Trade Unions and the Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau. This honor is awarded to individuals and groups who embody the spirit of model workers, labor, and craftsmanship and who have made significant contributions to the economic and social development of Beijing.

Lin Guiping is a professor at the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, a distinguished teacher in Beijing, a New Century Talents Program awardee of the Ministry of Education, and a recipient of the Beihang Excellence Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation. He is committed to innovation and serving the country, and his main research interests include aircraft anti-icing technology and integrated thermal management technology for aircraft. Professor Lin’s research is closely related to the needs of the country, and his innovative work in aircraft anti-icing and efficient heat transfer has been applied in major engineering projects such as domestic large aircraft and lunar exploration missions.
Professor Lin is dedicated to education career and pursuing excellence, and has persevered in undergraduate teaching for thirty years. He has integrated the latest research achievements and cutting-edge technologies into his teaching and developed curriculum and ideological and political education practice, fully exerting the function of educating students through courses. The course he teaches, "Thermodynamics Fundamentals," has been approved as a high-quality course in Beijing, and the online course "Virtual Simulation of Flight Environment Control" that he developed has been approved as a first-class course in China.

Professor Lin has mentored more than 100 outstanding graduate students, many of whom have won awards such as the National Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation in Aeronautics and Astronautics, the Excellent Undergraduate Graduation Design Thesis in Beijing, and the Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation of Beihang University.

Professor Lin has also served as Vice Dean and Party Secretary of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering. While indifferent to fame and wealth, he is always ready to devote himself. He has persisted in the reform of talent training, creating a new mode of cultivating top innovative talents represented by the Beihang Aero-Modeling Team. Under his leadership, the school has won honors such as the Excellent Grassroots Party Organization in Beijing, the Advanced Collective for College Students' Education in Beijing, and the National Advanced Collective for Textbook Construction.


Reported by Xia Juping and Miao Hui
Reviewed by Cheng Wenhao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:586
TITLE:Delegation Led by Cao Shumin Visits Zhejiang for Investigation
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3047.htm
TEXT:
Delegation Led by Cao Shumin Visits Zhejiang for Investigation
                

                    Release time：April 19, 2021 / Zheng Quan
                


On April 12, Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, Executive Vice President Fang Jiancheng and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Gang visited Hangzhou Innovation Institute to investigate and inspect the preparatory work of Zhongfa Aviation University.

During the tour, Cao Shumin held talks with Yuan Jiajun, Secretary of the Zhejiang Provincial Party Committee and Director of the Standing Committee of Zhejiang Provincial People's Congress. Yuan pointed out that adhering to the educational philosophy of "To advocate virtue and pragmatism and to pursue truth and innovation", Beihang University has trained a large number of outstanding talents with pragmatic and responsible spirit. Zhejiang province, a melting pot of highly innovative entrepreneurs and pragmatic and efficient management teams, has established solid cooperation with Beihang. He hoped that the two sides could conduct all-round cooperation and speed up the strategic and innovative laboratory construction in the future, so as to attract global talents and make breakthroughs in key technological areas.

Cao Shumin expressed her gratitude to Secretary Yuan Jiajun and Zhejiang Province’s support to Beihang University over the years. She highly appreciated a series of innovative measures taken by the province to comprehensively promote digital reforms. She hoped that both sides will further optimize their strategic cooperation and continuously provide high-quality services for the economic development of the province and the construction of a good education system, making joint efforts to promote China’s science and technology development and modernization construction.
On April 13, the delegates had a discussion with Ren Shaobo, Secretary of the Party Committee of Zhejiang University. They exchanged views on talent training, discipline construction and other university-running experiences, and expressed the hope to move forward hand in hand and jointly undertake the historical mission of "double first-class" construction.
Following that, they also visited Hangzhou Innovation Institute, and inspected the preparatory work of Zhongfa Aviation University. Zhang Zhenfeng, member of the Standing Committee of the CPC Hangzhou Municipal Committee and secretary of the CPC Yuhang District Committee, Wang Min, secretary of the CPC Binjiang District Committee, and Li Zhilong, mayor of the Binjiang District accompanied the inspection.

Officially launched in October 2018, Hangzhou Innovation Institute of Beihang University is located in Hangzhou High-tech Zone (Binjiang District), Zhejiang Province. As a new talent training and technology innovation platform, it is jointly built by Beihang University and the governments of Zhejiang Province, Hangzhou City and Binjiang District.
The Zhongfa Aviation University is a China-foreign cooperative school jointly established by Beihang University and École Nationale de l'Aviation Civil. In January 2018, witnessed by Chinese President Xi Jinping and French President Emmanuel Macron, Beihang University signed a memorandum of understanding with École Nationale de l'Aviation Civil to jointly build the Zhongfa Aviation University in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.

The design rendering of Zhongfa Aviation University campus


Reported by Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:587
TITLE:Beihang English Debate Team Wins 2018 Australs EFL Group Championship
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2507.htm
TEXT:
Beihang English Debate Team Wins 2018 Australs EFL Group Championship
                

                    Release time：July 5, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 2018 Australasian Intervarsity Debating Championship（Australs）held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia came to an end on July 4th. The Beihang debate team formed by students from an elite English class won the EFL group champion. Li Anqi, a junior from the School of Foreign Languages, was awarded the title of “Best Debater”.


Australs is the highest level of debate competition in Asia and Australia. The debaters are divided into three groups: general group (native speakers of English), ESL group (English as a second language) and EFL group (English as a foreign language), and each team has three debaters. The event was hosted by the University of Malaya this year. Beihang debate team composed of Zhong Jinzuomu, a junior student form School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Li Anqi and Wu Shujie, both juniors from the School of Foreign Languages, participated in this competition for the first time. With solid knowledge accumulation and rich experiences in the contest, they united and cooperated to won the EFL group champion, becoming the only domestic English debate team who was qualified for World Universities Debating Championship (WUDC) held in Mexico and Australs in Malaysia and eventually won three trophies (Asian champion, national champion and the north China champion, respectively). The team’s glorious accomplishments added luster to Beihang, as well as Chinese English debate of college students.
  
Reported by Xu Guohong
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:588
TITLE:Beihang Campuses Welcome 11,660 New Students
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3581.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Campuses Welcome 11,660 New Students
                

                    Release time：August 31, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On August 29 and 30, Beihang University welcomed 11,660 new students of the Class of 2023. Beihang Party Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, and other university leaders came to the spot to extend warm welcome to all the newcomers as well as to greet the dedicated faculty members and students involved in the welcoming work.



Zhongfa Aviation Institute of Beihang University, the international campus of Beihang located in Hangzhou, East China’s Zhejiang province, welcomed its inaugural batch of students this year. Secretary Zhao Changlu exchanged views with the new students and their parents and conveyed warm welcome and sincere congratulations to them. He also presented French dictionaries to the students, encouraging them to work diligently and strive forward towards the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.





At the Xueyuan Road Campus and the Shahe Campus, President Wang Yunpeng interacted with new students and their parents. Writing down encouraging words of "serve the country through aerospace endeavors", Wang hoped that the students could make good use of their school time to create a remarkable college life and prepare themselves for future explorations.





This year, Beihang University received 4,068 undergraduate students, 5,463 master's students, 1,923 doctoral students, and 206 international students. It marks the first time that the university has held simultaneous welcoming activities across its campuses in Beijing and Hangzhou.



Around the important transportation hubs in the two cities, enthusiastic volunteers as well as shuttle buses were ready to provide pick-up service.









Related colleges, schools, departments and divisions patiently answered the questions from the new arrivals, ensuring a smooth start of their university life. Various activities helped the newcomers better understand the school culture and familiarized them with the campus environment as well as the Beihang Spirit.












From now on, the new students of the Class of 2023 will embark on a new journey at Beihang University. Wish them a comprehensive development here and their dreams come true!
















Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao, Jin Hui, and Zhang Kan
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:589
TITLE:2nd Centrale Pékin - l’Ecole Centrale Casablanca Summer School Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2247.htm
TEXT:
2nd Centrale Pékin - l’Ecole Centrale Casablanca Summer School Held
                

                    Release time：November 25, 2019 / Feng Yueyue
                


From October 20 to November 2, a group of 25 excellent undergraduate students (23 Chinese students and 2 French students) from Centrale Pékin (Sino-French Engineer School) of Beihang University participated in a two-week exchange program at l’Ecole Centrale Casablanca with their teachers. The exchange program aimed to enhance students’ teamwork ability and cross-cultural communication skills, as well as to broaden their horizons, which helped to strengthen our communication and exchanges with countries along the Belt and Road and cultivate talents who can meet the national strategic development needs.

The two-week exchange program consisted of three major parts, namely “To conduct the solar-based village innovation project based on teamwork”, “To visit Chinese Embassy in Rabat, the capital of Morocco” and “To visit Huawei Enterprise Northern Africa in Casablanca, Morocco”. After two weeks’ learning, communication and visits, students all believed that they had formed an indissoluble bond with Morocco, gained a new understanding of Africa and developed a deep friendship with African students. In addition, in their spare time, students studied and lived together with the university’ students from other countries in Africa, as well as had in-depth discussions about delicious food, cultures, arts and languages.

During this trip, Beihang students showed excellent international communication skills, project innovation capability and teamwork ability, which was thought highly of by professors from l’Ecole Centrale Casablanca, including Professor Chrifi Habib (teaching Project Management), Professor Touria Barradi (teaching Energy) and Vice President Serge Delle-Vedove, staff working in the embassy and representatives from Huawei. Besides, other staff of l’Ecole Centrale Casablanca were also impressed by the students’ good manners and high personal qualities.

Morocco, one of the most important countries along Belt and Road routes, is also among the first countries in Africa and the Arab world to establish diplomatic ties with China. Over the past 59 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations, the China-Morocco relationship has been healthier and stabler with the joint efforts of the two sides. In September 2017, Centrale Pékin of Beihang University and l’Ecole Centrale Casablanca signed a bilateral agreement on exchange of students. In May 2018, under the support of Beihang University, the school sent 20 excellent students to attend the 1st China-Morocco Summer School in Casablanca. The 2019 Summer School was the second time Beihang students visited l’Ecole Centrale Casablanca.


Reported by Huang Xingrong
Reviewed by Hong Guanxin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:590
TITLE:15th Anniversary Symposium of Sino-French Engineer School Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2863.htm
TEXT:
15th Anniversary Symposium of Sino-French Engineer School Held
                

                    Release time：December 24, 2020 / Wen Peiyu
                


On December 16, a symposium to commemorate the 15th anniversary of Sino-French Engineer School at Beihang University was held at No. 2 building of Xueyuan Road Campus. Beihang President Xu Huibin, Vice President Huang Haijun, relevant leaders from Publicity Department, Department of Student Affairs, Department of Academic Affairs, Graduate School, Human Resource Department and International Division, teacher and student representatives as well as alumni representatives of Sino-French Engineer School attended the event. The symposium was presided over by Huang Haijun.

At the symposium, Hong Guanxin, Chinese Director of Sino-French Engineer School, and Frédéric GENTY, French Director of the School, delivered opening remarks respectively. Following that, Chinese teacher An Wei, French teacher Guillaume MERLE, graduate student Zhang Xiaofeng and undergraduate student Zhang Xiaofeng spoke as representatives separately.
In her remarks, Director Hong Guanxin made a summary of the past 15 years of running the Sino-French Engineer School, and expressed sincere gratitude to leaders and the departments of Beihang that have always cared for and supported the development of the school. She said that over the past 15 years, the Sino-French Engineer School has devoted itself to the training of international general engineers, and has cultivated more than 750 internationally certified outstanding graduates with both French general engineer diploma and master's degree of Beihang University, which is based on the national strategic needs and closely follows the forefront of the world's higher engineering education. She further noted that the Sino-French Engineer School will continue to uphold the Beihang spirit of dedicating to the country and daring to be the first, and strive to become a first-class school with a worldwide reputation.
Director Frédéric GENTY reviewed the development of the school in the past 15 years. On behalf of France Central Institute of Technology Group (Groupe des Ecoles Centrales), he thanked Beihang University for its great support and help, and believed that China and France will embrace deeper development in the future and the cooperation between the two schools will usher in a new starting point.

Liu Jie, the first graduate of Sino-French Engineer School and now associate professor of the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, said that he was honored to be a student of Sino-French Engineer School and spend the most unforgettable, passionate and energetic six and a half years here. After graduation, Chinese and French students stood out in different fields such as national defense, finance and information, leaving footprints in Asia, Europe, America, Africa and other parts of the world. The Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University has become a label that students took pride in.
In the free exchange session, Zhang Jiang, secretary of the Party Committee of the Sino-France Engineer School, said that in the future, the development of the school will be consistent with that of the motherland. The school will persist in cultivating people with moral integrity and cultivate socialist builders and successors with an international perspective. Professor Li Lin, the first executive director of the Sino-France Engineering School, also shared some thoughts and experience on the start-up of the School. Heads of other core departments have also noted that they’ll continue to support the development of the school as always, and expressed their ardent expectations for it.
President Xu Huibin pointed out that the Sino-French Engineer School has gone through 15 years as a trial of a new educational model. During this period, the school has made great contributions in international exchanges and talent training. President Xu noted that in a world which is currently undergoing major changes unseen in a century, Sino-French cooperation is now faced with both new opportunities and challenges. He hoped that the Sino-French Engineer School will summarize and condense the results of 15 years of running the school and especially contribute wisdom to the Beihang model of talent training, persist in educating people for the party and the country, and implement the fundamental task of personnel cultivation, so as to train diversified general engineers with international visions that are in the needs of our country and society.

After the symposium, a publication and exchange meeting of "Sino-French Engineer Education Reform and Development Records-Marks of Beihang University" was held. Related faculty representatives Li Lin, professor of the School of Energy and Power Engineering, Liu Bo and Li Min, professors of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, Ma Yonghong, professor of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, Chen Xiangdong, professor of the School of Economics and Management, Liu Jie, associate professor of the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, Zhang Wei, Yin Chuantao, Guillaume MERLE, An Wei, Yu Shan and Huang Xingrong, teachers from the Sino-French Engineer School, have participated in the meeting. During the meeting, these representatives exchanged their ideas on the construction of professional faculty team and talent training system, analyzed the cooperation with companies and prospect of students’ employment, and put forward valuable opinions and suggestions for the future construction of the Sino-French Engineer School.


Reported by Zhang Li
Photographed by Wang Qing
Reviewed by Zhang Jiang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:591
TITLE:Delegation from Kogakuin University Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2367.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from Kogakuin University Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 27, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On March 21, a delegation led by Keiko Takahashi, Dean of the Confucius Institute of Kogakuin University, paid a visit to Beihang University. Director of Beihang International School received Keiko Takahashi together with Kazuhiro Suga, Associate Professor of the Department of Mechanical Engineering of Kogakuin University and Shohei Kaneda, a teaching assistant.

The delegation first met the representatives from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering: Associate Professors Sun Anqiang, Chen Xiaofang and Liu Xiao, as well as Dr. Gao Yuanming.
At the beginning, Sun presented the history and advantages of the school as well as the achievements it obtained in terms of scientific research and global engagement. Then, representatives of both sides introduced their latest findings in the field of biomedical engineering and exchanged their views on topics like computational biomechanics, microfluidic device for cell culture or separation and 3D bio-printing. Last, Niu Haijun, Vice Dean of the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, and the delegates discussed about the cooperation between the two sides in terms of scientific researches, student exchange programs and joint cultivation programs. Niu also introduced the “UPS”  (U: University to University, P: Professor to Professor, S: Student to Student) internationalization strategy to the delegates. The meeting achieved fruitful results and it is expected that a long-term, stable and comprehensive cooperation will be promoted between the two sides.

The Confucius Institute of Kogakuin University is the only Confucius Institute jointly built by Beihang and a foreign university. Since its establishment in 2008, Beihang has frequently invited professors from Kogakuin University to give lectures and seminars at Beihang University and recommended scholars to lecture at Kogakuin University as well. Besides, colorful exchange activities are provided for students of the two universities.
After the meeting, the delegation also visited Confucius Institute Headquarters (Hanban), Beijing Air and Space Museum and Beihang Art Gallery.


Reported by Zhu Mingmei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:592
TITLE:International Conference on “Impact of Exotic Nuclear Structure on Explosive Nucleosynthesis”
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2582.htm
TEXT:
International Conference on “Impact of Exotic Nuclear Structure on Explosive Nucleosynthesis”
                

                    Release time：September 8, 2017 / 
                



The international workshop on “Impact of Exotic Nuclear Structure on Explosive Nucleosynthesis” hosted by International Research Center for Nuclei and Particles in the Cosmos (IRCNPC) and International Research Center for Big Bang Cosmology and Element Genesis (IRCBBC) in School of Physics and Nuclear Energy Engineering of BUAA will be held from November 23rd to 24th, 2017. The aim of this workshop is to address various aspects of nuclear structure that affect nuclear masses and reaction/decay rates, and to discuss their impact on nuclear astrophysics, with a particular focus on the synthesis of medium-mass to heavy-mass nuclei in explosive stellar environments. The workshop program will include the major topics both in experimental and theoretical researches on:
o Recent progress in study of neutron-rich isotopes far from stability
o (n,γ) and (γ,n) reactions and their impact on s- and r-process paths
o Fission in heavy-element synthesis
o Effects of nuclear isomers in nucleosynthesis
o New ideas of nucleo-cosmochronometer/-cosmothermometer
o New experimental techniques and facilities
o Global calculations of nuclear mass, deformation, and fission
o Roles of neutrinos and nuclear weak response in astrophysics
o Modeling supernovae, GRB, and neutron star and black hole merger dynamics
o Developing nucleosynthesis code for r-, s-, γ-, νp-processes
The Invited Speakers are:
•Satoshi Chiba (Tokyo Tech.)
•Roland Diehl (Max-Planck)
•Takehito Hayakawa (JAERI)
•Kawano Toshihiko (Los Alamos)
•Hiroyuki Koura (JAERI)
•Jie Meng (Peking)
•Bradley Meyer (Clemson)
•Hiroari Miyatake (KEK)
•Shunji Nishimura (RIKEN)
•Katsuhisa Nishio (JAERI)
•Yang Sun (Shanghai)
•Jin Wu (Argonne)
•Yuhu Zhang (IMP)
The organizing Committee include:
Chair:Hiroshi Watanabe
Vice-chairs:
Toshitaka Kajino
Isao Tanihata
Members：
Baohua Sun
Motohiko Kusakabe
For more details, please visit the workshop webpagehttp://iensens2017.csp.escience.cn/dct/page/1
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:593
TITLE:Wang Yunpeng Appointed President of Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3362.htm
TEXT:
Wang Yunpeng Appointed President of Beihang University
                

                    Release time：September 9, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


Recently, Wang Yunpeng was appointed the President of Beihang University (a vice-ministerial post) and the Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China in succession to Xu Huibin, who has to resign his position due to his age.
At the meeting of faculty and cadres of Beihang University on September 8, Li Xiaoxin, Vice Minister of the Organization Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and Director of the State Commission Office of Public Sectors Reform, announced the decision and delivered a speech. Wang Jiangping, Vice Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and a member of the Leading Party Members’ Group, and Sun Meijun, member of the Standing Committee of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee and Minister of the Organization Department of Beijing, attended the meeting and delivered speeches. Zhao Changlu, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, presided over the meeting.
Leaders of the Organization Department, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the CPC Central Committee, and representatives of the leading group of Beihang University attended the meeting.

Born in December 1966, Wang Yunpeng is a member of the Communist Party who has received his master’s and doctor’s degrees in engineering. As a distinguished professor and academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering, he used to work as Vice President of Beihang University.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:594
TITLE:New Degree Programs Authorized
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2199.htm
TEXT:
New Degree Programs Authorized
                

                    Release time：April 9, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


Beihang recently received authorization to confer the doctor’s degree in Marxist theory and the professional master’s degree in sports, according to the Ministry of Education.
The decision was announced in the notices from the State Council Academic Degrees Committee about the cancellation and addition of degree programs in self-review and dynamic adjustment.
 

Edited by Jia Aiping and Wang Qing
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:595
TITLE:Beihang Student Chorus Gives Maiden Performance at NCPA
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3051.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Student Chorus Gives Maiden Performance at NCPA
                

                    Release time：April 22, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the evening of April 16, the famous Chinese symphony “The Echoes of Hakka Earth Buildings”, conducted by the renowned Chinese conductor Zheng Xiaoying, was staged at the National Centre For the Performing Arts (NCPA). The Student Chorus of Beihang University was invited to participate in the performance of the fifth movement “The Song of Hakka People”.


The Echoes of Hakka Earth Buildings, an original Chinese music piece featuring the Hakka people’s history and lives, was composed by Liu Yuan in 2000 and won the Chinese Musicians’ Association Golden Bell Award in 2001. Over the past 20 years, this symphonic epic has been performed more than 70 times in 12 countries. Made up of five movements, the symphonic epic artistically created realistic scenes in the process of hard work of the Hakka people, showing the precious spirit of the Hakka people who are not afraid of difficulties and their deep attachment to their hometown.



As the maiden performance at the NCPA, Beihang students gave a spectacular performance and showed their youth and artistic accomplishment to the outside world, which was widely praised by the audience.

This concert is part of the 7th China Orchestra Festival themed “Echoes of Glory Spanning One Hundred Years”.


Reported by Liu Boyuan, Xu Yue and Hu Xuyang
Photographed by Yang Jiayi, Xu Yue and Liu Boyuan
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:596
TITLE:President of Hanyang University Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2535.htm
TEXT:
President of Hanyang University Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：May 16, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


Led by President Young Moo Lee, a delegation of six from Hanyang University visited Beihang University on the morning of May 3rd. Beihang President Xu Huibin and Vice President Huang Haijun received the guests at New Main Building, and representatives from International Division, the Institute of Science and Technology, the School of Materials Science and Engineering and the School of Electronic and Information Engineering also attended the meeting.


President Xu welcomed the delegation and provided his outlook on the cooperation between the two universities, expecting further in-depth collaboration in the leading disciplines of each other. Vice President Huang briefed the delegates on the latest developments of Beihang University from the aspects of education, research and international cooperation. President Young Moo Lee expressed his thanks for the warm reception and introduced the basic information of Hanyang University, such as its history, leading disciplines and international exchanges. The two sides had a deep discussion on the upgrade of Beihang-Hanyang cooperation, and reached a consensus on issues like discipline cooperation, exchange week and promotion of student exchanges on the basis of full understanding of each other’s opinions.


During their stay, the delegation also visited the International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science, where they talked with Prof. Guo Lei, Managing Vice Director of the institute, and the National Key Laboratory of CNS/ATM.
Founded in 1939, Hanyang University has two campuses, Seoul Campus and ERICA Campus, and consists of 24 colleges, covering engineering, medicine, natural sciences, social sciences, etc. It ranks 155th in the QS World University Rankings 2018 and within the top 100 in subjects like materials science, electronic engineering, civil engineering, chemistry, pharmacy and mechanical engineering. The cooperation between Beihang and Hanyang has born good fruits in student exchanges, research collaboration and so on since its start in 2013.
  
Reported by Wang Yiqing
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:597
TITLE:Conference on Social Governance and Global Governance under the Pandemic of COVID-19 Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3210.htm
TEXT:
Conference on Social Governance and Global Governance under the Pandemic of COVID-19 Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：December 6, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


The International Academic Conference on Social Governance and Global Governance under the Pandemic of COVID-19, hosted by the School of Marxism, was held both online and offline at Xueyuan Road Campus of Beihang University. More than 80 participants from 45 universities and research institutes of 13 countries attended the conference.


Zhao Yiliang, Dean of the School of Marxism at Beihang University, pointed out that pandemic has brought changes to international landscape and posed new challenges to social governance, national governance and global governance. To address the global challenges, international community not only needs to strengthen multilateral cooperation, but also needs to build consensus in the global academic community to demonstrate the practical implications of theoretical research.
Chen Xin, Deputy Director of the Institute of European Studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, took EU-China Comprehensive Agreement on Investment (CAI) as a case study example to analyze the opportunities and difficulties of China in the economic and trade cooperation with other countries.

During the main forum, six speakers conducted in-depth discussions on global governance, international relations, cultural and people-to-people exchange and impact of the Belt and Road Initiative.

In order to encourage young scholars from all over the world to actively participate in international academic exchanges, the conference set up four sub-forums, each with eight young scholars speaking and two senior scholars giving comments. Young scholars analyzed the current social governance at home and abroad and the pathway to transformation of global governance under the COVID-19 pandemic.

Chen Meng, Vice Dean of the School of Marxism at Beihang University, summarized that this is a professional and international conference that is rich in topics with diversified perspectives, integrating theory and reality. China’s institutional advantage, social governance in response to the pandemic and solutions are acknowledged and highly appreciated by the participating experts.
The conference is one of a series of activities held by the School of Marxism to thoroughly study and discuss the spirit of the Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th CPC Central Committee, as well as President Xi’s remarks on building a community with a shared future for mankind. Teachers of the School of Marxism who had attended the conference said they had benefited a lot from the conference about how to tell China’s stories, solutions and wisdom well.


Reported by Chang Fangyuan and Ma Yuan
Reviewed by Zhao Yiliang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:598
TITLE:BUAA Chorus Wins Gold Prize at CANTA AL MAR International Choir Festival
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2436.htm
TEXT:
BUAA Chorus Wins Gold Prize at CANTA AL MAR International Choir Festival
                

                    Release time：November 5, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


From October 23 to 28, BUAA Chorus took part in the CANTA AL MAR International Choir Festival held in Calella, Spain and won the Gold Prize in the Category A1, the one of the highest difficulty level. Ms. Yang Lele, their conductor, was awarded the Conductor Prize. 
As soon as they arrived in Spain on the afternoon of October 22, the chorus members started their rehearsal at the hotel in spite of fatigue and jet lag. Meanwhile, preparations for the festival were also carried out busily. On the afternoon of October 24, BUAA Chorus attended the opening ceremony of the festival. Together with other three choruses from Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, BUAA Chorus joined the welcome parade on behalf of China. They said hello to the scenic coastal town with their high spirits and beautiful singing and were warmly received by the locals.


The competition began on the morning of October 25. As the first one to appear on stage in the Category A1, BUAA Chorus performed Love of Maple Leaves, Jubilate Deo, Gloria! and May Cicada. As part of the cream of Chinese and Western chorus art, these pieces covered both the grand major harmony of Western chorus and the harmony known as the fifth that showed Eastern glamour, producing an impressive contrast between different styles. The wonderful performance won recognition from both the audience and other world-class competitors from America, Latvia and Sweden, and some of the audience said that “I have never heard such a voice from a Chinese chorus”.
There was also an episode during the performance. While the chorus were singing Gloria!, a sudden power outage hit the hall and the accompaniment played by an electric piano stopped abruptly. Instead of being influenced, the chorus members cooperated well to complete the song without accompaniment: Ms. Yang did not stop her conduct and gave a sign of going on, Yang Jiayi produced right notes with a pitch pipe, and then other students continue the performance in the normal rhythm. This episode bespoke the good teamwork, tacit understanding, excellent resilience and outstanding professional skills of BUAA Chorus developed through countless rehearsals.


In the evening, the chorus participated in a friendship concert held at a local city square, performing four songs—The Song of Mani, Jubilate Deo, May Cicada and Nyon Nyon—for choral music lovers from all over the world again. After the concert, some overseas Chinese who live there talked with the students cordially and excitedly.


At the award ceremony on October 27, many chorus members cried in excitement when they heard “Gold Prize Level V, BUAA Chorus”, and Ms. Yang was announced one of the two winners of the Conductor Prize. The triumph at this competition is not only the fruits of their unremitting efforts but also a present from BUAA Chorus to Beihang University in celebration of its 66th birthday.


  
Reported by Liu Boyuan
Photographed by Liu Boyuan, Yuan Chenguang and Fu Dahai
Reviewed by Zhi Yuanyuan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:599
TITLE:Beihang Art Troupe Performs in New Zealand and Cook Islands in Celebration of Spring Festival
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2383.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Art Troupe Performs in New Zealand and Cook Islands in Celebration of Spring Festival
                

                    Release time：February 22, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


From Feb. 10 to 18, Beihang art troupe travelled to New Zealand and Cook Islands to give performances themed at Spring Festival celebration. The tour lasted for ten days and included three grant special shows and four cultural exchange performances, covering 5,000 spectators from three cities in two countries.
On Feb. 11, the troupe made its debut in Wellington, the capital of New Zealand. China’s ambassador to New Zealand, members of parliament of New Zealand, the mayor of Porirua and many other privileged guests were present and expressed their greetings and gratitude to both audience and performers.

The art troupe and guests (Photo by Zhang Jianyong)

The auditorium was packed
The Wellington Theater, which can hold up to 1,500 people, was packed at that night. The authentic and elegant music performed by Chinese traditional orchestra marked the beginning of the event. Then, the audience was impressed by the presentation of martial arts and Chinese traditional opera, which are treasures of Chinese culture.

The event was hosted by young students and a cute “panda” (Photo by Zhang Jianyong)

A folk music ensemble by Chinese traditional orchestra

Chinese traditional opera

Chinese martial arts performance (Photo by Zhang Jianyong)
Dressing in different Chinese ethnic costumes, the performers presented varied assortment of Chinese folk dance (folk dance of Dai, Yi, Mongol and so on). Different dancing styles showed diversified temperaments and customs of Chinese minorities. During the intervals, various small gifts symbolizing good luck and prosperity in Chinese culture such as Chinese knots and mini lanterns were given to the audience. The show ended with the music Spring Festival Overture.

A dancing program named “Erdos”

Folk dance of Yi

A creative dance named “The Great Wall” (Photo by Zhang Jianyong)
On Feb. 14, the troupe went to Auckland to participate in the 20th anniversary of Auckland Lantern Festival, New Zealand’s largest cultural festival. Lasting for four days, the Auckland Lantern Festival featured the largest scale, the widest participation and the longest duration in the southern hemisphere.

On the evening of Feb.14, HE Rt Hon Dame Patsy Reddy, Governor-General of New Zealand officially opened the 2019 Auckland Lantern Festival at Auckland Domain. In her speech, she sent New Year’s greetings to the public in Chinese. She said that Chinese Lantern Festival represents family reunion, whose cultural connotation breaks the barriers of language and cultural differences. Xu Erwen, Consulate General of the People's Republic of China in Auckland, said that Auckland Lantern Festival contributed greatly to the harmonious relationship between New Zealand and China.

Dame Pasty delivered the opening speech

Xu Erwen spoke at the event
Following that, superb performances brought by the troupe lit up the stage, winning warm and prolonged applause from the audience.

At the event

A dance program at the festival gala
The last destination of the art tour was Avarua. The event took place at National Auditorium of Cook Islands on the evening of Feb. 15. Hon Mark Brown, Deputy Prime Minster of Cook Islands, George Angene, Minister of Cultural Development, Hon Vaine Mokoroa, Minister of Youth and Sports and many other Cook Island politicians attended the event.

Hon Mark Brown made the speech






The wonderful performances at the National Auditorium of Cook Islands
During the tour, the art troupe went to New Lands College and Queen Margret School, two local schools in Wellington, to give performance and introduce Chinese traditional culture to local students. During their stay in Cook Islands, they also went to a local school aided by Chinese government and were warmly welcomed by people there.

The art troupe went to a local school in Wellington

Students and staff welcomed Beihang art troupe with local custom

Beihang troupe members sent Chinese paper cutting to local students

Students bid farewell to the troupe
Speaking of the art tour, Beihang art troupe members felt really proud and honored to bring splendid Chinese culture to Chinese and foreign people abroad. “It’s really happy to give performance featuring Chinese characters for the locals in New Zealand and Cook Islands as well as Chinese people there.” said Xiao Hong, Secretary of Youth League Committee of Beihang University. “We hope more and more foreign people can enjoy and appreciate the charm of Chinese culture. Also, we expect to explore and discuss the cultural diversity with people from different parts of the world.”

 
Reported and edited by Shi Yue
Reviewed by Xiao Hong
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:600
TITLE:Zhao Changlu Appointed Secretary of Party Committee of Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3281.htm
TEXT:
Zhao Changlu Appointed Secretary of Party Committee of Beihang University
                

                    Release time：April 24, 2022 / Li Zhuoyang
                


Zhao Changlu was appointed Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. The decision was announced by Li Xiaoxin, Deputy Head of the Organization Department of the CPC Central Committee, at the faculty and cadre meeting held on April 22nd. Xin Guobin, a member of the Leading Party Members’ Group and Vice Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and Sun Meijun, a member of the Standing Committee of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee and Head of the Organization Department of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee, attended and addressed the meeting.
The meeting was presided over by Xu Huibin, President of Beihang University, and attended by representatives from the Organization Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, relevant departments of Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of China and Beihang University.

Zhao Changlu, born in January 1963, is a member of the Communist Party of China. He received his PhD degree in Power Machinery and Engineering at Beijing Institute of Technology. He has served as Vice President, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee, and Secretary of the Party Committee of Beijing Institute of Technology.


Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:601
TITLE:Beihang Holds 2023 International Conference on Cooperation and Integration of Industry, Education, Research and Application (Engineering and Technology)
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3650.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds 2023 International Conference on Cooperation and Integration of Industry, Education, Research and Application (Engineering and Technology)
                

                    Release time：November 30, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


On November 28, the Engineering and Technology Sub-forum of the 2023 International Conference on the Cooperation and Integration of Industry, Education, Research and Application was held at Vision Hotel in the Shahe Campus of Beihang University, in a combination of online and offline. The conference was hosted by the National Center for Schooling Development Program, Ministry of Education and the Beijing Municipal Education Commission, undertaken by Beihang University, and co-organized by the Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics and the Chinese Aeronautics and Astronautics Education Society.

The forum, with the theme "Opening-up and Innovation, Integration and Development", focused on international cooperation and integration of industry, education, research and application in the fields of aerospace and transportation. Wang Jun, a second-level inspector of the Beijing Municipal Education Commission, Sun Xiasheng, Secretary General of the Chinese Aeronautics and Astronautics Education Society and Deputy Director of the International Cooperation Committee of the Chinese Society of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and Cheng Bo, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, attended the meeting and delivered opening speeches. More than 100 guests from Chinese and foreign universities and research institutes in 11 countries, including the Paris-Saclay University in France, Louisiana State University in the United States, University of Southampton in the United Kingdom, University of Oslo in Norway, and Nanyang Technological University in Singapore, attended the conference. The opening ceremony was presided over by Tian Daxin, Vice President of the Institute of Science and Technology, Beihang University.

Cheng Bo expressed his hope that this conference can gather intelligence, discuss the trends and opportunities of global development of industry, education, and research, and showcase the achievements in various countries. He also said that countries should continuously promote the high-quality development of international cooperation and integration of industry, education, research and application.
Sun Xiasheng stated that the Chinese Aeronautics and Astronautics Education Society has always been committed to playing a unique role as a bridge between universities and enterprises, and is willing to work together with all parties to provide more new impetus for exploring, cultivating, and gathering high-level engineering and technological reserve talents.
Wang Jun pointed out that the Beijing Municipal Education Commission will work together with Beijing universities and research institutes to strengthen collaborative innovation, promote organized scientific research, innovate the international cooperation and integration of industry, education, research and application, deepen the integration of science, education and industry, and contribute more wisdom to shape new development momentum and advantages.

13 experts, including Professor Vincent Ji, Director of the Materials, Machinery and Energy Department from the Paris-Saclay University, Professor Yan Zhang, Academician of the European Academy of Sciences, Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Norwegian Academy of Engineering from the University of Oslo, Professor Patrick Plötz, Director of the Energy Economics Department from the Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research in Germany, and Professor Michel Guillaume, Director of the Aviation Research Center from the Zurich University of Applied Sciences, gave keynote speeches at the conference. They jointly explored the path and effectiveness of scientific research achievement transformation and university-enterprise cooperation in the fields of aerospace, industrial manufacturing, and comprehensive transportation, focusing on innovative measures such as industry-education integrated talent cultivation, collaborative innovation, and excellent engineer education system. The discussion has laid a foundation for better promoting the deep integration of industry, education, research and application in the engineering and technology fields and the high-quality international scientific and technological cooperation.

The International Conference on the Cooperation and Integration of Industry, Education, Research and Application was founded by the Ministry of Education in 2018, aiming to build a platform for cooperation between Chinese and foreign universities, research institutes, and enterprises, promote the connection of global education chains, talent chains, innovation chains, and industrial chains, and create a new pattern of the cooperation and integration of industry, education, research and application. On November 22, the 2023 International Conference on the Cooperation and Integration of Industry, Education, Research and Application (Beijing) kicked off in Beijing. Some of Beihang’s achievements in the cooperation and integration of industry, education, research and application were exhibited at the opening ceremony, receiving unanimous praise from attendees. In the future, Beihang University will continue to deepen its opening-up to the outside world, actively integrate into the global scientific and technological innovation network, and work with partners to build academic exchange and cooperation platforms for Chinese and foreign universities, research institutes, and enterprises. It will accelerate the construction of an innovative consortium integrating industry, education, research, and application, and build a new pattern of high standard opening-up and win-win cooperation.


Written by: Qin Fangyu and Long Haijiao
Reviewed by: Tian Daxin
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:602
TITLE:ICAYS 2019 Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2266.htm
TEXT:
ICAYS 2019 Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 18, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


The 4th International Conference in Aerospace for Young Scientists (ICAYS 2019) was held at Beihang University from October 12 to 13.
On the morning of October 12, the conference opened at the No. 2 Conference Hall, New Main Building, Beihang University. Nine experts from universities and institutes including Tamkang University, University of East Anglia, University of Leicester, EMPA (the Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Science and Technology), Southwest Jiaotong University and University of Southampton, representatives from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering and the Graduate School of Beihang University as well as over 100 young scholars and graduate students from around 20 universities and institutes attended the conference.
At the opening ceremony, Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering reviewed the four years’ development of ICAYS. He recognized ICAYS’s efforts in promoting academic exchange among global aerospace talents and enhancing Beihang’s international influence in aerospace. He also expressed his gratitude for all the judges, session chairs and organizers who contribute to the event. Then, Prof. Andrea Da Ronch from University of Southampton, Prof. Chen Bo from University of Leicester, Prof. Wang Wandong from EMPA gave academic reports on certain topics.

Wen made a speech at the opening ceremony; Session Chairs received the certificates; Keynote lectures
The conference focused on 9 topics, namely, fluid mechanics, dynamics and control, aircraft design, man-machine and environmental engineering, aerospace power and propulsion, engineering mechanics and interdisciplinary, aviation education and related industry-university research. 10 keynote reports and 55 presentations were made at 10 parallel sessions, with two experts acting as the judges at each session. 3 first prizes, 5 second prizes and 10 third prizes were selected out of all the submitted papers based on the decisions of session chairs.

Presentations at parallel sessions
At the closing ceremony of the conference, “611 Prize for Best Paper” and outstanding volunteer certificates were awarded to prize winners and volunteer representatives respectively by Prof. Li Daochun and Liang Yinhua from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering.
On behalf of the organizers, Li Daochun extended gratitude for all the experts, young scholars and volunteers who participated in the event. He hoped that the development of ICAYS could follow the trend towards “professionalization and internationalization” on an open, inclusive, cooperative and win-win basis, so as to further promote the academic exchanges in aerospace and foster the development of the field.

Authors of 611 Prize for Best Paper and outstanding volunteer representatives received certificates
ICAYS, organized by the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering of Beihang University, is the first international conference in the field of aerospace that is oriented around academic exchanges among young scholars while providing funding. It is also the first nonprofit international conference in the field. Over the past four years, ICAYS has brought together over 500 young aerospace talents at Beihang where they can share latest research findings and exchange ideas on academic frontiers.

The group photo of ICAYS 2019 participators


Reported by He Dongyu
Reviewed by Lin Guiping
Edited by Jia Aiping and Xiong Ting
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:603
TITLE:Bilateral Seminar Between Beihang University and Technology Innovation Institute (UAE) Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3648.htm
TEXT:
Bilateral Seminar Between Beihang University and Technology Innovation Institute (UAE) Held
                

                    Release time：November 29, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


On November 23, Beihang Research Institute of Aero-Engine and International School of Aero-Engine (hereinafter referred to as “the institute and the school”) held the Bilateral Seminar between Beihang University and United Arab Emirate’s (UAE) Technology Innovation Institute (TII) at Vision Hotel in Shahe Campus. Organized by the China-Germany Joint Education Center of the institute and the school, the seminar focuses on cutting-edge topics concerning the future aviation propulsion system, and aims to expand international exchange and cooperation channels and contribute to the national “Belt and Road” sci-tech cooperation strategy.

Liu Huoxing, Vice President of the institute and the school, elaborated on the construction, development, international cooperation and other aspects of the institute and the school, and voiced his aspirations for more cooperation opportunities between the two sides on scientific research and talent cultivation.
Elias Tsoutsanis, Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society and Executive Director of the Propulsion and Space Research Center of TII, gave a comprehensive introduction to the basic situation, development plans and cooperation intentions of TII, and expressed his gratitude to the host for its hospitality.
Experts and scholars from both sides conducted in-depth exchanges on the control, performance, pneumatics, acoustics, combustion, urban air traffic of the future propulsion system, and agreed to organize multi-dimensional exchanges in scientific research and talent cultivation afterward. Guided by the internationalization strategy of Beihang University, this bilateral seminar greatly expands the international cooperation area of the Joint Education Center of the institute and the school and contributes to the realization of the “Belt and Road” sci-tech cooperation and innovation goal.


Written by: Wei Zhiyuan
Reviewed by: Yuan Xing
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:604
TITLE:Beihang 70th Anniversary Series: Beihang Alumni Innovation Forum
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3397.htm
TEXT:
Beihang 70th Anniversary Series: Beihang Alumni Innovation Forum
                

                    Release time：November 4, 2022 / Lu Meili
                


On October 29, the Beihang Alumni Innovation Forum, as one of Beihang 70th Anniversary Series activities, was held at the Alumni Center in the university, concerning the development of scientific innovation in China and Beihang’s role and power therein. Beihang Vice President Liu Shuchun and more than 100 representatives of outstanding graduates from around the world attended this gathering. Deputy Secretary General of Beihang Alumni Association Huang Ruiyong presided over the event.

Liu Shuchun introduced the achievements of the university in recent years from six aspects including discipline construction, talent cultivation, scientific and technological innovation, faculty construction, resources security and Party building. He also expressed gratitude to the alumni who have been caring for, supporting and contributing to the development of the alma mater. Liu pointed out that the Alumni Forum was held in the hope of providing a platform for alumni entrepreneurs to deepen exchanges and cooperation, forge synergy of innovation and seek further development in science and technology. It is also expected to pave the way for Beihang alumni endeavoring in all fields of scientific innovation and encourage them to make greater contribution to the construction of our nation as a science and technology power.
Jiang Ke, Chairman and CEO of Zhongguancun e-Valley, addressed the forum as organizer, saying that being held on the occasion of Beihang's 70th birthday, this forum would bring together alumni participating in cutting-edge technology and equipped with innovative thinking graduating from Beihang in various periods to start a dialogue and share their views. This year marks the first inauguration of this event series. In the future, Beihang Alumni Innovation Forum will be held on a yearly basis, constituting part of the celebration events for the university's anniversary. Efforts will also be made to spread the fruit of the forum and make it the “TED” of Beihang alumni on scientific innovation, securing new answers for innovation empowerment.

Academician Qi Faren shared his views under the theme of “Spaceflight Spirit and Talent Cultivation”, recalling his studies in Beihang from 1952 to 1957 and sharing the results of his more than 60 years of research work since graduation. Academician Qi noted that innovation shall be based on inheritance. As Beihang people, it is even more important to inherit the spirit of courageous innovation. At the same time, it is also imperative for alumni around the world to stay connected and extend their innovations to a larger scale. He hoped that Beihang's students, faculty and alumni will attach more attention to space science, which is of essential significance for our country to become a space power in the future.

Academician Wang Jun shared his views under the theme of “Firmly Integrating Personal Destiny into Nation's Call”. As one of the third patch of graduates from Beihang University, Academician Wang participated in the work of “Beijing-1” and “Beijing-4” projects even during his school years. He said that the greatest reward of his studies in Beihang was the construction of his determination to integrate his personal destiny with the needs of the country in a coordinated way. He hoped that in the future the university will adhere to the principle of cultivating key talents independently and further strengthen the in-depth integration of science and technology, lending inexhaustible impetus to innovation.

Ji Yingcun, Chairman and General Manager of Beijing Jingwei Hirain Technologies Co., Inc., Yu Guizhen, a tenured professor of the School of Transportation Science and Engineering of Beihang University and founder of Beijing Ta Ge Zhi Xing Technology Co., Ltd., Chen Xiaoliang, Chairman of Beijing SoundAI Technology Co., Ltd., Yang Feng, CEO of Changsha Tian Yi Space Technology Research Institute Co., Ltd., and Feng Chong, Chairman of Beijing Shen Guang Technology Co., Ltd. shared their experiences and viewpoints through theme speeches, concerning topics like the development of an automotive company, the commercial landing of unmanned vehicles in mining areas, traversing noises during the startup of business, commercial satellites changing the world, and the growth of a young entrepreneur sailing from Feng Ru Cup.
Later, Zhao Xin, CFO of Zhongguancun e-Valley, hosted the panel discussion session focusing on exploration of future path to scientific innovation. Tao Wei, CEO of Beijing Bo Chuang Linkage Technology Co., Ltd., Zhou Shaokun, Deputy General Manager of Hang Yu Zhi Zao (Beijing) Engineering Technology Co., Ltd. and General Manager of Shenyang Hang Zhong Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd., Hu Zhendong, founder and CEO of White Whale Route (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd., Chen Zhen, founder of Su Gan Technology (Beijing). Ltd. and Head of Jiu Yang Small Household Appliances, and Li Xintong, team member of the Beihang-4 project, were invited to invoke live cases in their own industries and discuss around scientific innovation more specifically in terms of the application of innovation in practical scenarios, the driving force of innovation results, upgradation of innovation mindsets and problem-solving during the process of innovation.

At the end of the event, all the participating guests and alumni took a group photo to mark the occasion. The first Beihang Alumni Innovation Forum successfully came to an end.


Reported by Bao Bin
Reviewed by Zhang Huiyuan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:605
TITLE:3rd International Conference in Aerospace for Young Scientists Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2468.htm
TEXT:
3rd International Conference in Aerospace for Young Scientists Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 20, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 3rd International Conference in Aerospace for Young Scientists (ICAYS 2018), hosted by Beihang University, took place at the 1st Conference Room of New Main Building on the morning of September 15th.
Prof. Wen Dongsheng, Special Assistant to President for International Affairs and Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, and seven leading experts from world-renowned universities and research institutes including the Academy of Science of the Royal Society of Canada, Cranfield University, The University of Alabama, North Carolina State University, Villanova University, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Tamkang University, as well as more than 30 young scholars and postgraduates from over ten countries and regions around the world, attended the opening ceremony.
Prof. Wen addressed the opening ceremony and extended his warmest welcome to all experts and young scholars attending the conference. He reviewed the history of Beihang’s development over the past 66 years and briefed on the outstanding achievements Beihang had achieved. He noted that young people play a decisive role for the development of aerospace, and the Young Scientists Conference, as the first international nonprofit conference focusing on the academic exchange of young scholars, aims to provide a platform for young scholars in the field of aerospace to exchange their research achievements.


Sebastian Wegt, a doctoral student from Technische Universität Darmstadt, and Wang Xiangyu, a doctoral student from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering of Beihang University, respectively spoke on behalf of all international young scholars. They expressed their gratitude to this international platform which brought them an opportunity to exchange ideas and urged that the young scholars should follow the international academic frontier, shoulder the responsibility of industrial development, and contribute to the international academic exchanges.
Following that, Dean Wen issued the appointment letter to the chairmen of the conference sub-sessions.
The opening ceremony was followed by two superb presentations given by prof. Jerzy Komorowski from the Academy of Science of the Royal Society of Canada and Prof. Phillip Meredith Ligrani from The University of Alabama, entitled “HOLSIP and the Need for Physics Based Modeling” and “Heat Transfer Enhancements from Elastic Turbulence within Rotating Couette Flow Using Sucrose-Based Polymer Solutions”, respectively.
The opening ceremony wrapped up in a warm atmosphere. Other excellent academic activities like special reports, seminars and “611 Night” will be successively carried out later.


The 3rd International Conference in Aerospace for Young Scientists (ICAYS 2018) is an important part of the “International Week”, which is a week-long series of activities hosted by the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering. The “International Week” was launched on September 10th, covering activities like the launching ceremony of the Overseas Expertise Introduction Center for Discipline Innovation of Multiscale Mechanics and Thermodynamics, the Academic Forum of Aerospace and Mechanics, and related seminars on the developing direction of the discipline. The activity has brought together a number of top-ranking scholars and renowned experts form world-class universities and research institutions to conduct extensive and in-depth discussion on discipline development, international research cooperation, talent cultivation and other areas.
  
Reported by Wei Ning
Edited by Song Chao and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:606
TITLE:Beihang Joins Sino-Russian Comprehensive University Alliance
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2574.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Joins Sino-Russian Comprehensive University Alliance
                

                    Release time：September 29, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


The opening ceremony of the Sino-Russian Comprehensive University Alliance and  Sino-Russian University Presidents’ Forum was held in Shenzhen on September 13th. At the ceremony, Haijun Huang, Vice President of Beihang University, signed the regulations of the alliance, which meant that Beihang formally became its member.
Guided by the Russia-China comprehensive strategic partnership, the alliance set the following goals: deepening the systematic exchange and cooperation between universities from both sides, building a platform for information exchange, working on the integration of the teaching and research of basic disciplines and the mutual recognition of diplomas, establishing unified standards in teaching content and requirements, supporting the development and popularization of Chinese and Russian cultures and languages, and facilitating the mutual learning and improvement in strategic development, teaching and research and international cooperation. At present, it has 40 Chinese members and 20 Russian members.

Written by Lingpei Wang
Edited by Qing Wang
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:607
TITLE:Commencement and Degree Conferment Ceremony for Graduate Students Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2218.htm
TEXT:
Commencement and Degree Conferment Ceremony for Graduate Students Held
                

                    Release time：January 15, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


Over 4,000 Beihang graduate students attended their commencement and degree conferment ceremony on the morning of January 11 at Beihang Stadium.

The ceremony
Besides them, other participants included university leaders, representatives of excellent alumni, supervisors and graduates, some members of the degree evaluation committee, leaders and teachers from all schools, and family members of the graduates. The ceremony was hosted by Vice President Huang Haijun.

The ceremony

The ceremony
A video of memories at Beihang served as the lead-in of the ceremony, which officially began as the national anthem resounded through the stadium.
Cao Shumin, Secretary of Beihang University, read out the name list of authors of Beihang Excellent Doctoral Dissertations and their supervisors. Fang Jiancheng, Executive Vice President, announced the winners of Beihang Excellent Master's Theses. He Xinzhou, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection, introduced the winners of the Scholarship for a Career in the Vitalization of National Defense Industry, and Vice President Tao Zhi presented the name list of Beijing Excellent Graduates. The leaders and guests delivered the awards to the winners in turn.

Secretary Cao read out the name list of authors of Beihang Excellent Doctoral Dissertations and their supervisors

Leaders and guests presented the awards

Leaders and guests presented the awards
President Xu Huibin recalled “Beihang Memories”, namely the achievements made by the graduates and Beihang University together, in a humorous way. He believed that these experiences had endowed the graduates with sufficient knowledge, confidence, strength and capabilities to embrace a future full of opportunities and challenges spiritedly.
“I sincerely wish everyone a wonderful life where all your ambitions will be realized. Please remember that Beihang will always be a home to your heart as well as the one who always support you and wish you the best!” said President Xu.

President Xu delivered a speech
Prof. Su Donglin, Member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and a PhD supervisor of the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, expressed her wishes to the graduates on behalf of all supervisors. Zhou Jiaqi, a doctoral student of the School of Microelectronics and the representative of all graduates, extended her gratitude to Beihang University. Miao Jianquan, the founder of Beijing QIANSHENG EXPLORATION Technology Co., Ltd and representative of outstanding alumni, shared his working experience and encouraged the graduates to strive after their dreams.

Prof. Su Donglin, Zhou Jiaqi and Miao Jianquan delivered speeches

The Graduate School handed over the name list of alumni to the General Alumni Association of Beihang University
The commencement ended with a chorus of "Look up to the Starry Sky”, the university anthem, by all the Beihangers present.

The ceremony
Later on, the degree conferment ceremony was held. Leaders and members of the degree evaluation committee turned the tassel for all the graduates, who received their degree certificates and took group photos.

Secretary Cao and President Xu turned the tassel for the graduates









Reported by Yuan Yihang
Photographed by Di Bailu, Tian Wenhao, Zhang Xinyue, Gao Runqi and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:608
TITLE:Beihang Dance Troup Gives Special Performance at Sunrise Concert Hall to Celebrate 70th Anniversary of Founding of P. R. China
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2374.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Dance Troup Gives Special Performance at Sunrise Concert Hall to Celebrate 70th Anniversary of Founding of P. R. China
                

                    Release time：March 15, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


With the theme “Explore the Aerospace, Chase the Dream,” Beihang Dance Troup gave a special performance to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of P. R. China at the Sunrise Concert Hall on March 10. The Dance Troup performed 11 pieces, all of which were classic works of dancing over the 70 years. Nearly 800 students, teachers and art lovers watched the performance and applauded for them.

The Trail of the Dreamer, themed on pursuing aviation dream, showed the persistence of Beihangers and those who are devoted to aviation. Dream Sky brought the audience into the most difficult time of the space industry and unfolded the spirit of assiduous aviation personnel.


The special performance won a round of applause. “The whole performance is excellent. I have never seen dances that could be so exciting,” said Jia Kun, one of the audience. “Those dancers brought me to the eventful years and made me think of our country’s 70 years of hard struggle. Now China awakes and becomes much stronger, and I really feel proud as a Chinese.”
“Unshakable faith is seared in our blood. All sacrifice and tears are worth it when we see the national flag goes up. On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of our motherland, I wish that she would be prosperous and young forever. I respect and love her all the time,” said Jiang Xiaoyu, a member of Beihang Dance Troup.


This performance showed the artistic features of Beihang students and the patriotism of Beihangers to serve the country, presenting a gift for the 70th birthday of the great motherland.

 
Reported by Zheng Jian
Photographed by Zheng Jian, Zhang Zhanyu and Gao Runqi
Reviewed by Zhi Yuanyuan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:609
TITLE:Lab for Low-carbon Intelligent Governance Approved as One of First Batch of Philosophy and Social Science Laboratories
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3222.htm
TEXT:
Lab for Low-carbon Intelligent Governance Approved as One of First Batch of Philosophy and Social Science Laboratories
                

                    Release time：December 14, 2021 / Yi Bowen
                


Recently, in accordance with the deployment of the pilot construction of philosophy and social science laboratories, the General Office of the Ministry of Education announced the list of the first batch of philosophy and social science laboratories. The Lab for Low-carbon Intelligent Governance (LLIG), led by the School of Economics and Management of Beihang University, was on the list of the first batch of philosophy and social science laboratories (cultivation) approved by the Ministry of Education.
LLIG aims to establish a platform for high-end talent training and scientific research through the integration of management science, economics, data science, behavioral science and other methods to support the implementation of the national “carbon peak and carbon neutral” strategy. LLIG will focus on solving major scientific and policy issues of low-carbon governance, and will deeply integrate Beihang’s superior disciplines such as management science, computer, artificial intelligence, applied economy, public management, and foreign languages, in order to innovate low-carbon policy research theories system. LLIG is committed to establishing a digital twin-based big data platform and laboratory environment, and developing a world-class platform for low-carbon policy simulation and optimization with independent intellectual property rights and sharing and openness. On this basis, LLIG will create uniquely advantageous software and hardware conditions and a talent team to provide data foundation, simulation platform, stress testing system and policy evaluation method for the policy design in low-carbon governance, and provide scientific support for the country’s macro and micro policy design for low-carbon development.
LLIG is the only laboratory for low-carbon governance and sustainable development among all approved laboratories, and it is also the only approved laboratory among universities under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. This is an important progress that Beihang University has made in the construction of a scientific research platform for philosophy and social science. During the cultivation cycle, LLIG will strictly follow the requirements of the Ministry of Education to carry out standardized, professional, and substantive construction to serve the “carbon peak and carbon neutral” strategy. At the same time, LLIG will also aim at the academic frontier, promote interdisciplinary integration, innovate research paradigms and methods, and make full use of modern information technology and advanced experimental methods to carry out strategic, forward-looking and practical research. LLIG will actively explore the characteristic development path of philosophy and social science disciplines in engineering universities, and play an exemplary and leading role.


Written by Yi Bowen
Reviewed by Zheng Haitao
Edited by Jia Aiping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:610
TITLE:Sino-French Engineer School "Enterprise Open Day" Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2786.htm
TEXT:
Sino-French Engineer School "Enterprise Open Day" Held
                

                    Release time：December 5, 2020 / Zheng Quan
                


On November 28, the 13th "Enterprise Open Day" of Sino-French Engineer School was held in No.2 Building of Xueyuan Road Campus. 22 well-known domestic and foreign enterprises, including AVIC International Holding Corporation, CLP Technology, Huawei, SAFRAN, EDF, etc., participated in this event.

Closely communicating with the students, representatives of these enterprises preached their corporate philosophy, and provided future employment and internship opportunities for students.
Students from Beihang University, mainly from Sino-French Engineering School, actively took part in the event to have an in-depth understanding of various enterprises, as well as to seek ideal positions. In a warm atmosphere, the students constantly put forward their confusion in choosing career and internship to the business representatives, and the business representatives provided the students with the latest business information and professional career guidance. The staff members in charge of the Sino-French Engineering School also went to the site to communicate with the enterprise partners.

The "Enterprise Open Day" has become an important platform for strengthening school-enterprise cooperation and enhancing students' international competitiveness.



Reported by Yu Lei
Reviewed by Hong Guanxin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:611
TITLE:Beihang Teachers Win Awards in 10th SFLEP National Foreign Language Teaching Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2318.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teachers Win Awards in 10th SFLEP National Foreign Language Teaching Contest
                

                    Release time：June 10, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


On June 1 and 2, the semifinal and final competitions of the Beijing Arena of the 10th SFLEP National Foreign Language Teaching Contest were held in the Renmin University of China. Yu Jinghua and Sun Mei from the School of Foreign Languages won the first prize in the comprehensive group and the third prize in the dictation group, respectively.
The SFLEP National Foreign Language Teaching Contest was hosted by Teaching Guiding Committee for College Foreign Language Majors under the Ministry of Education, Teaching Guiding Committee for College Foreign Languages under the Ministry of Education and some other organizations. Yu Jinghua and Sun Mei, on behalf of Beihang University, participated in this contest.
In recent years, the School of Foreign Languages attaches great importance to the cultivation and improvement of teachers’ ability under the guidance of related policies and guidelines of Beihang. Various teaching activities such as seminars and demonstration classes have been held for many times. Besides, the guidance team consisting of famous lecturers, professors and associate professors assists young teachers in participating in various teaching competitions, which creates a great atmosphere of mutual learning.

Reported by Liu Wei
Reviewed by Ma Shuwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:612
TITLE:Beihang Student Wins Women’s Foil Individual Champion in the 26th National College Students Fencing Championship
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3484.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Student Wins Women’s Foil Individual Champion in the 26th National College Students Fencing Championship
                

                    Release time：April 20, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


From April 6 to 13, the 26th National College Students Fencing Championship, sponsored by the Federation of University Sports of China (FUSC), was held in Wuyuan County Sports Center, Jiangxi Province. Led by Zhang Yang from the Sports Department of Beihang University, six students participated in the competition and achieved excellent results.

Sun Yiwen from Zhixing College won the champion in Women’s Foil Individual Category A, and Ye Lin from the School of Future Aerospace Technology/Shen Yuan Honors College obtained the seventh place in Women’s Fencing Sabre Category A. As a team, Sun Yiwen, Ye Lin together with Zou Jiaying from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering got the fourth place in Women’s Foil Team Category A.


This year, a total of 673 students from 51 universities participated in the competition. The Beihang women's team was composed of Sun Yiwen, Ye Lin and Zou Jiaying, while the men's team comprised of Zhong Jiawang, Li Yu and Zou Xinghang. The players fought hard in solidarity, demonstrating great sportsmanship.


Reported by Zou Xinghang, Ye Lin and Li Dexian
Reviewed by Su Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:613
TITLE:Beihang Representatives Deliver Speeches at NACADA International Conference 2018
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2492.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Representatives Deliver Speeches at NACADA International Conference 2018
                

                    Release time：July 31, 2018 / Li Siying
                


The NACADA International Conference 2018 was held successfully in University College Dublin from July 16 to July 19. More than 300 university scholars and industry representatives from over 20 countries attended the Conference. Six Beihang representatives of the Academic and Development Support Center of BUAA Department of Student Affairs were also present, and delivered three keynote speeches on their work. 


Beihang representatives
The theme of the Conference this year is “Academic Success：Enhance, Encourage and Empower”. There were four seminars during the four-day meeting, along with over 100 keynote speeches.


Beihang representatives at the conference
Representatives of Beihang University delivered three keynote speeches, which were titled “Engaging Students’ Learning in a Digital World—An Exploratory Research from Beihang University of China”, “Construction and Practice of a School-College Joint Academic Advising System—A Case study of College General Education in Beihang University of China”, and “The Construction of the Learning Adaptation System—A Study on the Soft Landing of Learning from High School to College—Based on Findings from a Study of 1274 First-year Undergraduates in Beihang University of China” respectively. Their introduction of the experience of Beihang University with Chinese characteristics was spoken highly of by their foreign counterparts, opening a window for them to perceive the talents cultivation system with Chinese characteristics and the general features of academic development of Chinese students.
During the Conference, the teachers and students of Beihang University had in-depth conversations with their counterparts on hot issues such as the operation, the current challenges, and the future development of academic advising, as well as the application of big data technology in Information Age. Beihang also established partnerships with a number of foreign universities, and planned for further communication and cooperation at the invitation of the National Academic Advising Association，the Global Community for Academic Advising (NACADA).


Beihang representatives and NACADA staff
Founded in 1977, the NACADA is the leader within the global education community for the theory, delivery, application and advancement of academic advising to enhance student learning and development. It holds an international meeting every year, and has become a significant stage for discussion, debate, and exchange of ideas pertaining to academic advising.
  
Reported by Shao Yinghua
Edited by Shi Yue
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:614
TITLE:Near Space Rocket-Powered Aircraft Beihang-4 Successfully Launched
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2183.htm
TEXT:
Near Space Rocket-Powered Aircraft Beihang-4 Successfully Launched
                

                    Release time：June 10, 2020 / 
                


The red-painted near space rocket-powered aircraft, codenamed Beihang-4, was successfully launched and landed at the designated place after 400-second navigation at 11:01 am on May 27, which marks the success of its first flight and the fruit of Beihang's integrated project-based talent cultivation system.


The launch of Beihang-4

It is known that Beihang-4 has a total length of 8.7 m and a weight of about 1,300 kg. It consists of a solid-propellant rocket booster and a solid-liquid powered cruise aircraft. Among them, the thrust of solid-propellant rocket engine is about 150 kN with the working time of 8.2 s. The solid-liquid powered cruise rocket engine uses 98% H2O2 (hydrogen peroxide) as oxidizer and HTPB (hydroxyl-terminated polybutadiene) as fuel, with a maximum thrust of about 3 kN, a thrust adjustment capacity of 3:1, and a working time of more than 200 s. The flight control adopts GPS and Beidou dual-mode fiber inertial navigation system to realize the controlled cruise flight. 
This flight mainly aims to demonstrate and verify the possibility of the powered near space flight with a level flight altitude of 24 km, a level flight speed of 3 Ma and a flight range of about 200 km.
The flight test successfully verified a long-time variable thrust solid-liquid powered rocket engine technology and technologies of the overall design, navigation and flight control of rocket-propellant aircraft with a wide speed range in large airspace, which can be applied to the near space atmosphere parameter measurement, earth observation and high-speed over-the-air data transmission. In the future, these technologies can provide a possibility for new rocket-propellant aircraft.


The preparation before the launch of Beihang-4
As a large-scale comprehensive project conducted by Beihang students, Beihang-4 has attracted 21 doctoral students, 49 master students and 16 undergraduate students to participate in the design, development and flight test. 
General technical instructor Yuan Junya said: “When I saw the flight curve meeting the requirements, I was finally relieved and felt proud of the students who participated in the research. I still remember all problems and unforeseen circumstances during the research process. The students worked all night and found the root of problems through discussion and analysis.”

Students were guided to do final assembly

Inspection of cable installation in rudder room
“Beihang-4 cannot be launched successfully without the determined efforts from the laboratory team members and the rich experience from graduated seniors. Success does not come easy. As one of the members, I’m clear about the hardship and intricacy of this project. However, we all withstood the pressure and went through the ordeals with professional knowledge, positive attitude and strong willpower,” said Li Xiaogang, a doctoral student who participated in the research of the rocket body structure subsystem.

The final assembly
Postgraduate Zhao Kai who participated in the research of the flight control subsystem said: “The deadly novel coronavirus COVID-19 and the hostile environments such as hot dry weather and sandstorms cannot keep back our excitement and enthusiasm. We are busy but orderly. ”

A group photo of Beihang-4 laboratory team
The development and launch of Beihang-4 is highly valued by Beihang University and is strongly supported by several aerospace institutions and organizations such as Changde National High Techindustrial Development Zone.


Reported by Zhu Hao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue and Ren Chenjie
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:615
TITLE:Beihang Students Attend UCL Summer School 
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2284.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Attend UCL Summer School
                

                    Release time：September 9, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


From July 1 to August 9, 43 students from seven schools of Beihang University participated in the summer school program of University College London (UCL) in two batches. The program attracted over 700 students from more than 50 countries or regions.

The summer school focused on course learning. The students could choose from more than 60 courses, such as mathematics, economy, law, culture, art management and psychology, according to their interests and majors. After three or six weeks of study, the students passed the corresponding examinations and received the certificate of the program.


Besides courses, UCL also organized abundant extracurricular activities, such as British Culture Competition, enjoying world-famous musicals, picnics in the park and yacht race, which enabled the students to experience the unique culture of Britain and gain insights into its glorious history. During their stay, Beihang students won wide praise from organizers for their excellent academic performance and literary accomplishment.

Founded in1826, University College London (UCL) is a leading multidisciplinary university in London. It is known as "G5 Super Elite University" with Oxford University, Cambridge University, Imperial College, and London School of Economics and Political Science. According to the QS World University Rankings 2019, it is ranked 10th in the world.


Reported by Gao Yuan and Li Ruowei
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:616
TITLE:Beihang Open Day and Admission Information Briefing 2019 Take Place
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2324.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Open Day and Admission Information Briefing 2019 Take Place
                

                    Release time：May 28, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


The annual Beihang Open Day and Admission Information Briefing were held at Qiushi Square and Academic Communication Hall respectively at Xueyuan Road Campus on May 25. This event provided convenient access to professional information about Beihang’s admission policy, cultivation plans, future of the majors, application for graduate programs, employment and so on for the high school students who will take the national college entrance exam this year and their parents. In 2019, Beihang will continue to admit students according to their aptitude for and interest in general academic disciplines and satisfy their choices in this respect 100%.

The Open Day
Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, joined in the Open Day and had friendly talks with the students and their parents. She also communicated with the Beihang teachers and students at the stands of the schools to know more about the disciplines, cultivation plans and personal development of students and graduates and conveyed her best regards to them.

Secretary Cao talked with a high school student
Since 8 a.m., the students and their parents began to arrive at Qiushi Square, where a team of professors engaging in teaching from each school worked as consultants at the stands to offer in-depth information of the learning requirements, research directions and future development for every major. Besides, staff members from Beihang Admission Office, Beihang School and Beihang Admission Working Group in Beijing also explained the admission policy and introduced the admission information, student activities, facilities and living conditions in detail. Publicity Ministry of the Party, Office of Academic Affairs and International Division also set up stands where the students and their parents can consult the personnel about international exchanges, talent cultivation and campus culture.

The students and their parents were consulting the personnel

The students and their parents were consulting the personnel

The students and their parents were consulting the personnel
At half past 9 a.m., Beihang Admission Information Briefing 2019 was held at Academic Communication Hall and hosted by Zhang Qingzhu, Vice Director of the Office of Admission and Career Development. Ma Jinxi, Director of the Office of Admission and Career Development, delivered a keynote speech titled “Build a World-Class University and Cultivate Leaders”, in which he explained the ten “first-class” things and introduced Beihang from the aspects of history and development, talent cultivation features, strengths of disciplines and majors, major scientific and technological achievements, international exchanges, campus activities and living conditions, employment and application for graduate programs. He also gave a comprehensive account of the types of students eligible for admission as well as the general academic categories to which they would be admitted and the majors they could choose at the end of their freshman year.

Beihang Admission Information Briefing 2019
In addition, Cao Qinghua, Managing Vice Dean of Beihang School, Zhao Weisheng, Vice Dean of the School of Microelectronics, Ma Qishuang, Managing Vice Dean of Shen Yuan Honors College, Fan Yubo, Director of the Interdisciplinary Innovation Institute for Medicine and Engineering, Wen Dongsheng, Dean of the School of General Engineering, and Xu Ping, Vice Dean of Sino-French Engineer School explained in detail the cultivation model based on general disciplines and the colleges for them, emerging key disciplines and international university education of Beihang.

The Open Day
During the Open Day, the excellent pieces of work from the “Feng Ru Cup”, a Beihang student competition of science and technology, were exhibited at the site and attracted the students and their parents. The library at Xueyuan Road Campus, Beijing Air and Space Museum, Archives/School History Museum and Shahe Campus were also open to these visitors, which enabled them to know the study, research and living conditions as well as the campus culture of Beihang University at close range.

The Open Day
The Open Day was also participated by the information platform of the national college entrance exam of the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China and other 40 universities, which include Peking University, Peking University (medicine-related majors), Beijing University of Chemical Technology, Beijing Jiaotong University, the University of Science and Technology Beijing, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing Normal University, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Chongqing University, Dalian University of Technology, the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Northeastern University, Fudan University, Harbin Engineering University, Harbin Institute of Technology, Hefei University of Technology, Hunan University, East China Normal University, South China University of Technology, Jilin University, Lanzhou University, Nanjing University, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing University of Science and Technology, Nankai University, Xiamen University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Sichuan University, Tianjin University, Tongji University, Wuhan University, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Northwest Agriculture and Forestry University, Zhejiang University, Ocean University of China, the University of Science and Technology of China, the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Agricultural University, and Sun Yat-sen University.

The Open Day
It is reported that after the national college entrance exam, Beihang will hold a consultation on June 24 to provide detailed information about the application and admission procedures and rules for the examinees and their parents. The notice about it will be released at http://zs.buaa.edu.cn/ and the WeChat Official Accounts of Beihang University (BUAA_1952) and Beihang Admission Office (joinbuaa).

Reported by Kong Xiangming
Photographed by Di Bailu, Shi Yaoxin and Zhang Zhanyu
Reviewed by Ma Jinxi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:617
TITLE:Vice President Tao Zhi Attends New Year Reception of APSCO in Beijing
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2227.htm
TEXT:
Vice President Tao Zhi Attends New Year Reception of APSCO in Beijing
                

                    Release time：December 24, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang Vice President Tao Zhi was invited to attend a New Year Reception of Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization (APSCO) in Beijing on Dec. 19. Among other attendees were Zhang Kejian, Director of the China National Space Administration (CNSA), the representatives of the APSCO’s member states, and representatives from embassies, domestic enterprises and research institutions in the field of space technology.

During the reception, Tao Zhi, as a guest representative, witnessed the signing ceremonies of three memorandums of understanding between APSCO and Argentina National Space Activity Commission (CONAE), APSCO and China Centre for Resources Satellite Data and Application (CRESDA), and APSCO and Harbin Institute of Technology (HIT), respectively.
Initiated by China, APSCO was officially founded in 2008, with its headquarter in Beijing. It is an inter-governmental non-profit organization with full international legal status, as well as a Permanent Observer at the United Nations Committee on Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UN-COPUOS).
The Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization Education and Training Center in China, located at Beihang, was founded on July 26, 2013. Beihang took the lead in the APSCO University Small Satellite Project in 2016 and established the APSCO University Small Satellite Ground-based Control and Command Center in 2018.
As a close partner of APSCO, Beihang has trained 207 postgraduate students and 52 doctoral students in the filed of space technology for the member states of APSCO since 2006. It has organized more than 30 short-term training courses on space technology and its applications for more than 1,500 students.


Reported by Guo Yuanyuan
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:618
TITLE:Beihang Exhibits at Civil Eviation Expo, Authorized as Research Base for Basic Civil Aviation Technology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2519.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Exhibits at Civil Eviation Expo, Authorized as Research Base for Basic Civil Aviation Technology
                

                    Release time：June 21, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


The 1st China Civil Aviation Expo on Scientific, Technological and Educational Innovation was held at the Beijing Exhibition Center on June 13th. Many achievements of Beihang including more than ten kinds of systems and equipment, covering five major parts like flight verification system, BeiDou satellite navigation system in civil aviation aircraft, broadband data communications in civil aviation, unmanned aerial vehicles and civil aviation talent cultivation, were on display at the expo.
With the theme “New Thinking and New Achievements for the New Era”, the expo fully displayed the innovative achievements of civil aviation in the fields of science, technology and education.
Director Feng Zhenglin and Deputy Director Li Jian of the China Civil Aviation Administration attended the expo's opening ceremony and then took a guided tour of the expo. Director Feng noted that the innovative achievements Beihang had accomplished in satellite navigation, unmanned aerial vehicles, talent cultivation, etc., would provide strong support for the construction of China’s civil aviation power and the enhancement of its voice in ICAO.

Director Zhang Jun of National Key Laboratory of CNS/ATM and Beihang Vice President Liu Shuchun accompanied Director Feng and others to visit the Beihang booth.
During the event, a discussion session on scientific and technological innovation in civil aviation was also held by the China Civil Aviation Administration. They authorized the first organizations selected as research institutes typed with basic technology research, application development, results transformation hub and think tank for technical policy and service (or “Four Types of Research Institutes” for short), and research bases for basic civil aviation technology, applied technology development, core technology industry, achievement transformation and innovative talent cultivation (or “Five Research Bases” for short). Beihang was selected as the research base for basic civil aviation technology.

Beihang was authorized as the research base for basic civil aviation technology.
The “Four Types of Research Institutes” and “Five Research Bases” initiative is an important measure to build a more efficient scientific research system in civil aviation, reinforce innovation in science and technology and build an innovative civil aviation industry.
 
Reported by Zhao Yifu
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:619
TITLE:Stay True to Mission—Beihang’s Induction Magnetometer Enters Orbit with Zhangheng 1
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2557.htm
TEXT:
Stay True to Mission—Beihang’s Induction Magnetometer Enters Orbit with Zhangheng 1
                

                    Release time：February 9, 2018 / Li Mingzhu
                


On February 3, 2018, Zhangheng 1, the electromagnetic detection test satellite carried by the launch vehicle Long March 2, was successfully launched from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center. The satellite was named after the famous ancient Chinese astronomer Zhang Heng. It entered the intended sun-synchronous orbit. The success marks that China becomes one of the few countries owning the in-orbit geophysical field exploration satellite with high precision.
Zhangheng 1 is the first satellite launched according to China’s geophysical field exploration plan, and also the first space observation platform meant to be part of the integration of space, sky and earth of China’s seismic monitoring system, with the expectation of providing the country with valuable global geomagnetic field data for the first time.
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:620
TITLE:“Eternity” Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3114.htm
TEXT:
“Eternity” Staged at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：June 15, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                



On the evening of June 2, “Eternity”, one of the original campus drama series on the theme of "great masters" in the first Beihang Art Festival, was performed at the Sunrise Concert Hall. 


Lin Dewei, the eldest son of Lin Shie, Cheng Bo, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, heads of the Youth League Committee, Archives/School History Museum, Beihang School and the School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering, and nearly 500 teachers and students watched the performance.

On July 1, 1913, Lin Shie was born in Guangdong province. The seeds of patriotism were planted in his heart and mind when he was young. In 1931, the Japanese fascists launched the “918” incident, and brazenly invaded the Northeast China. At that time, Lin was studying at Shanghai Jiao Tong University and was determined to save the country by devoting to the fields of aeronautics and astronautics, so he went abroad to study at the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics of Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He creatively proposed “a method of splitting the roots of higher-order algebraic equations”, which was later called as “Lin’s Method” by the international mathematical community and became the first math method named after a Chinese. Lin decided to leave the fine job in U.S. after graduation and go back to his homeland to work for the construction of his country. At the beginning of the laboratory, Lin continued to do research and innovate despite the hardships and lack of materials. Because of his innovative spirit, China's gyroscope field was able to grow from scratch and create brilliance.
Mr. Lin cared for his students not only by nurturing them in study and research but also by enthusiastically guiding them with positive political ideas. He also cared for the young teachers, and several teachers trained by Lin played important role in the teaching profession.

The play “Eternity” was written, directed and performed by the Light Wing Drama Group of the School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering. It was premiered in 2015 and has performed five times in the Yongman Theater, Sunrise Concert Hall and Shahe Gymnasium. The play is based on the life of Mr. Lin Shie, and is divided into eight acts. It portrays the life of Mr. Lin, and extols the eternal “gyroscopic spirit” of “patriotism, innovation and dedication" of Beihangers represented by Mr. Lin Shie.


Reported by Jin Hong
Reviewed by Liu Gang
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:621
TITLE:Team of Prof. Fan Yubo First Designs Virtual Guiding Tasks with Haptic Feedback to Assess Wrist Fine Motor Functions for Patients with Upper Motor Neuron Lesions
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2351.htm
TEXT:
Team of Prof. Fan Yubo First Designs Virtual Guiding Tasks with Haptic Feedback to Assess Wrist Fine Motor Functions for Patients with Upper Motor Neuron Lesions
                

                    Release time：April 18, 2019 / Zhao Yue
                


Recently, a research by the team of Prof. Fan Yubo on “Design of the virtual guiding tasks with haptic feedback for assessing wrist fine motor functions for patients with upper motor neuron lesions” was published on IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and Rehabilitation Engineering (Doi 10.1109/TNSRE.2019.2909287). The study is a collaborative effort by the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University, Beijing Advanced Innovation Centre for Biomedical Engineering, and National Research Center for Rehabilitation Technical Aids. Dr. Liu Xiaoyu from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering is the first author, and Prof. Fan Yubo is the corresponding author.

Fig.1 Organization of the overall work. (UMNL, upper motor neuron lesion; VR, virtual reality; IMU, inertial measurement unit)
With the aging of population, both the incidence and growth rate of cerebral apoplexy in China are at the forefront of the world. Human being are able to complete various delicate activities with the control of complex nerve innervation. After stroke, however, more than half of the patients have left hemiplegia of different degrees. Currently, commonly used assessments for motor function, such as Fugl-Meyer Assessment (FMA) and Wolf Motor Function Test (WMFT), focus more on the evaluation of patients’ limb movements, and largely depend on the subjective judgment of rehabilitation physicians.Taking advantage of the haptic feedback and virtual reality technology, this study designs three virtual guiding tasks to assess wrist motor functions, including the basic motor flexibility, motion stability and a range of active motion. Quantitative performances, including the completion time, contact force and motion trajectory, were automatically acquired during the tasks. These parameters quantify the flexibility and stability of patients’ fine motor, and guide patients to carry out targeted training. This technology has broad application prospects in rehabilitation supplementary industry, Internet plus and pension industry.

Fig.2 Wrist angles, including the FEW (a1 and a2), RUW (b1 and b2), and PSF (c1 and c2), required at every position along the guiding curve. a1), b1) and c1) show the wrist angles measured from control subjects according to the length of the guiding curve.

Reported by Guo Meng
Reviewed by Han Huiyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:622
TITLE:Three Beihang People Claim 2022 Aerospace Laureate Awards
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3400.htm
TEXT:
Three Beihang People Claim 2022 Aerospace Laureate Awards
                

                    Release time：November 11, 2022 / Lu Meili
                


On the night of November 7, the eve of this year's China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition, the 15th Aerospace Laureate Award ceremony was held in Zhuhai, southern China's Guangdong Province. Seven types of prizes, namely “Best Cooperation Award”, “Technology Pioneer Award”, “National Craftsman Award”, “Fearless Hero Award”, “Space Pilot Award”, “Leadership Excellence Award” and “Lifetime Dedication Award”, went to 20 teams and individuals including three Beihang people. Wang Yongqing, Beihang alumnus and Chief Designer of AVIC Shenyang Aircraft Design & Research Institute won Technology Pioneer Award; Liu Daxiang, Beihang professor and academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering, won Lifetime Dedication Award; Zhang Yanzhong, Beihang alumnus and academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering, was also honored with Lifetime Dedication Award.

The 15th Aerospace Laureate Award ceremony
Established in 2005 and sticking to the “Laureate Spirit” of carrying forward the industry spirit, eulogizing the backbone elite and exploring the frontiers of new knowledge, the Aerospace Laureate Award aims to commend the outstanding achievements made by and the noble spirit demonstrated by aerospace practitioners in promoting national technological development and building national defense. So far, the award ceremony has been held for 15 sessions with 111 individuals and 36 teams awarded, representing the highest honor in the field of aerospace in China.

Wang Yongqing, winner of Technology Pioneer Award
Wang Yongqing got his bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees all in Beihang University. He serves as Chief Designer in AVIC Shenyang Aircraft Design & Research Institute, Chief Designer of multiple types of aircraft, and chief technology expert in aviation industry. He has been honored with National Defense Science and Technology Progress Award Grand Prize, the May 1st Labor Medal, and also two Merit Awards and one Golden Award for serving the nation through aerospace endeavors.
He is one of the explorers of cross-generation and cross-domain development of China’s aviation equipment. Through analyzing huge amount of data, he and his team surmounted a large number of key technical difficulties and secured safe on-board takeoffs and landings time and again, advancing China’s air force from land to sea.

Liu Daxiang, winner of Lifetime Dedication Award
Liu Daxiang is an expert in aero propulsion mainly engaging in the design and research of aviation engines, the construction of major equipment and the research of development strategy. He graduated from Beihang University in 1960 and was elected academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering in 1995.
He endeavored in distant mountains for thirty years and built the world’s leading aeroengine test bench, enabling China to make significant breakthrough and paving the way for the accelerated development in this regard. He presided over pre-research of key technologies and formulated the cross-century strategic route for China’s aeroengine development, contributing great wisdom to this great cause. He pushed forward the construction of the aviation emergency rescue system, allowing more parties to share the fruits of the development of our motherland's aviation industry.

Zhang Yanzhong, winner of Lifetime Dedication Award
Zhang Yanzhong is an expert in aeronautical systems engineering and signal processing mainly engaging in research on vibration, signal processing and aeronautical systems engineering. He was elected as academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering in 2001.
As new China's first PhD graduate from Trinity College, Cambridge, he devoted himself to his motherland and strived for international excellence in the field of vibration and signal processing. After becoming an industry executive, he organised the conquest against core technologies in key areas of the third-generation aircraft and promoted the research and production of several types of aircraft. As a renowned expert in aeronautical systems engineering of our country, he has taken up the heavy responsibility of drawing up blueprints for the homemade large aircraft, engine and airborne business, and boosted the strategic development of aeronautical science in a holistic manner.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:623
TITLE:Beihang Students Win 2 Gold and 2 Silver Medals in 45th ACM-ICPC Asia Nanjing Regional Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2881.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win 2 Gold and 2 Silver Medals in 45th ACM-ICPC Asia Nanjing Regional Contest
                

                    Release time：December 28, 2020 / Zheng Quan
                


Beihang students won two gold medals and two silver medals in the 45th ACM-ICPC Asia Nanjing Regional Contest held online on December 19 and 20. This year, a total of 1,653 contestants in 551 teams from 208 universities including Tsinghua University, Peking University, Beihang University, Nanjing University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Harbin Institute of Technology, Zhejiang University, etc., participated in the competition.

The team made up of Chen Jiyuan, Zhang Ruixing and Xue Xin from the School of Computer Science and Engineering and the team of Mou Yu and Liao Jitong from the School of Computer Science and Engineering and Feng Weiqi from the School of Software nabbed the gold medal. The silver medal winners were the team of Jiang Yifan from the School of Cyber Science and Technology, Jiang Xianmeng from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, and Wang Zhao’an from the School of Mathematical Sciences and the team of Chang Ronghe and Huang Yunyi from the School of Computer Science and Engineering and Wang Zixun from the School of Economics and Management.
ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest (ACM-ICPC) is the world's largest top-level international programming competition for college students, attracting the largest number of participants each year. Known as the Olympic Games in the IT industry, the contest aims to enable students to fully demonstrate their ability to analyze and solve problems with computers. The competition is held once a year. In the season of 2020-2021, ACM ICPC has seven regionals in east Asia, which are held in Shanghai, Nanjing, Jinan, Macao, Shenyang, Kunming, and Yinchuan respectively. The Asia-East Continent Final will be held in Xi’an after the regionals.
At Beihang University, the ACM-ICPC competition is organized and implemented by the Department of Academic Affairs and the School of Software, attracting undergraduate and graduate students from all schools. Founded in 2005, the ACM Training Team of Beihang University organizes a school competition of program design each year to select ACM contestants while popularizing and improving students' basic ability of program design.

Reported by Liu Ziyuan
Reviewed by Zhang Desheng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zheng Quan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:624
TITLE:Beihang Attends 23rd International Symposium on Transportation and Traffic Theory in Switzerland
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2293.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Attends 23rd International Symposium on Transportation and Traffic Theory in Switzerland
                

                    Release time：August 1, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


From July 24 to 26, the delegation led by Prof. Huang Haijun attended the 23rd International Symposium on Transportation and Traffic Theory (ISTTT) in Switzerland and initiated the preparation for the 24th symposium to be held at Beihang University.
The 23rd ISTTT was held at the SwissTech Convention Center in École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL). Nearly 200 scholars gathered to discuss the frontier knowledge in the field of transportation and traffic together. There was a speech forum and a total of 35 papers selected through two rounds of evaluation were given the opportunity for presentation. The papers were published in both Elsevier and Transportation Research Part B & Part C, a leading journal in transportation. A paper co-authored by Liu Peng, Tian Qiong and Huang Haijun from Beihang together with scholars from Eindhoven University of Technology was selected. Besides, another 15 papers of Beihang were presented in posters.
The past 60 years have witnessed the development of ISTTT. 14 eminent scientists including Herman, one of the scientists who created the Big Bang Theory, Prigogine, the Nobel laureate, Beckmann, an economist and Wardrop, who developed Equilibrium Path Selection Theory, initiated the conference that focused on transportation and traffic theory in Michigan 60 years ago. It mainly approached the issues of traffic flow, network route choice behavior, traffic lights with knowledge of physics, fluid mechanics, economics, operational research and the like. Since 2000, it started to be held every two years rather than every three years. Besides, a maximum of 38 papers are published at each event.
The ISTTT is in the charge of International Advisory Committee (IAC) whose members have the right to vote until they are retired and henceforth become honorary members. Currently, there are a total of 22 members, among which Prof. Huang Haijun is the only member from Chinese Mainland. During the symposium, IAC held two working conferences to discuss development issues.

Prof. Huang Haijun addressed the 24th ISTTT
In the 21st ISTTT, Beihang is elected to host the 24th symposium according to the result of the vote. This is the first time that the highest-level academic conference in the field of transportation and traffic theory has been held in Chinese Mainland, which will significantly enhance the international academic influence of the transportation disciplines of Beihang. At the closing ceremony, Prof. Huang Haijun, on behalf of the organizing committee, took over the bid and officially launched the website for the 24th symposium. Eventually, he warmly welcomed the scholars in transportation and traffic theory to participate in the upcoming event in Beijing.

A group photo of the participants taken at EPFL square


Reported by Tian Qiong
Revised by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:625
TITLE:Nobel Prize Winner Randy Schekman Gives Lecture at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2435.htm
TEXT:
Nobel Prize Winner Randy Schekman Gives Lecture at Beihang
                

                    Release time：November 7, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


On the afternoon of November 2, Professor Randy Schekman, a Nobel Laureate in Physiology or Medicine and member of the National Academy of Science, from the University of California, Berkeley, was invited to give a lecture entitled Sorting and secretion of small RNAs in exosomes to Beihang teachers and students at the Conference Center of New Main Building. It is an important part of the 18th Awarding Program for Future Scientists. 


In the lecture, Randy Schekman adopted the latest methods in biology and a variety of analytical techniques to expound the classification and secretion of microRNAs in exosomes. He also encouraged students to get rid of the constraint of focusing partially on the impact factors of academic journals and do scientific research independently. In the question-and-answer session, the teachers and students had a dialogue with the international academic master, who answered all the questions in detail. The crowded conference room was taken over by a light and vibrant atmosphere throughout the whole lecture. After the session, many students even went to the front of the stage to have further discussions with Professor Randy Schekman.


Randy Schekman was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota in 1928. He received a BS in Molecular Sciences from the University of California in Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1971. He received a PhD in 1975 from Stanford University for research on DNA replication working with Arthur Kornberg who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1959. After joining the faculty at University of California, Berkeley, he was promoted to Associate Professor in 1984 and Professor in 1994. Since 1991, he has been a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator. He was the former editor-in-chief of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1992. In 2002, Schekman received the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research and Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize of Columbia University along with James Rothman for their discovery of cellular membrane trafficking. Schekman shared the 2013 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine with James Rothman and Thomas C. Südhof for their ground-breaking work on cell membrane vesicle trafficking.


  
Reported by Xie Qin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Wang Xiaofeng
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:626
TITLE:Delegation Led by President Wang Yunpeng Visits Europe to Promote Exchanges and Cooperation
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3644.htm
TEXT:
Delegation Led by President Wang Yunpeng Visits Europe to Promote Exchanges and Cooperation
                

                    Release time：November 21, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


From November 5 to 11, a delegation led by Beihang President Wang Yunpeng visited France, Germany, Italy and other countries, carrying out in-depth research into universities, laboratories, enterprises, and conducting exchanges and discussions with relevant high-level talents. The visit aims to further deepen the UPS internationalization development strategy, promote high-quality international cooperation, and build a global work pattern for Beihang University. President Wang also met with Beihang's alumni in Europe and some overseas students. The leaders of the Academic Affairs Department, International Relations Department, Sino-French Engineer School, Zhongfa Aviation Institute of Beihang University, and other departments accompanied the visit.

The 30th Joint Management Committee Meeting of the Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University
The delegation visited nine universities in countries such as France, Germany, and Italy. In Paris, France, Wang Yunpeng and his delegation met with Roman SOUBEYRAN, President of the CentraleSupélec and Chairman of Groupe des Ecoles Centrales, Pascal RAY, President of École Centrale Lyon, and Gilles FLEURY, General Representative of Groupe des Ecoles Centrales. The two sides jointly held the 30th Joint Management Committee Meeting of the Sino-French Engineer School of Beihang University, and made a number of progress in deepening cooperation in multiple fields. Wang Yunpeng also met with Gérard CREUZET, academician of the French Academy of Engineering and co-chairman of the China Europe Cooperation Committee of Beihang, and had in-depth communication on the selection of members, operating mechanism, and work plan of the Committee. Wang Yunpeng stressed that it is necessary to make full use of the platform advantages of the Committee, and leverage strategic consulting effectiveness and smooth communication channels to provide strong support for further consolidating and expanding education and technology cooperation between Beihang and European universities, research institutions, etc.

Group photo of Wang Yunpeng and Romain SOUBEYRAN, President of the CentraleSupélec and Chairman of Groupe des Ecoles Centrales

The delegation visits the CentraleSupélec
In Toulouse, France, Wang Yunpeng and his delegation visited the laboratories of aviation computer human-computer interaction, simulation platform and glide drone at Ecole Nationale de l'Aviation Civile (ENAC). They met with ENAC President Olivier CHANSOU and signed a university-level cooperation memorandum and student exchange agreement. They had deep exchanges on deepening cooperation in education, expanding communication channels between teachers and students and strengthening scientific research collaboration. The delegation also held a talk with six presidents from the Institut National des Sciences Appliquées (INSA) Group, including Bertrand RAQUET, Chairman of INSA and President of INSA Toulouse, Frédéric FOTIADU, President of INSA Lyon, Vincent Brunie, President of INSA Rennes, Mourad BOUKHALFA, President of INSA Rouen, Romuald BONÉ, President of INSA Strasbourg, and Armel De la BOURDONNAYE, President of INSA Hauts-de-France. The attendees discussed core issues related to education cooperation in Hangzhou, including the training plan, curriculum design, and teaching staff. Wang Yunpeng, on behalf of Beihang University, signed a memorandum of cooperation with INSA Group, a university-level cooperation memorandum and student exchange agreement with INSA Toulouse, and a student exchange agreement with INSA Lyon.

Wang Yunpeng signs the agreement with ENAC President Olivier CHANSOU

The delegation visits the laboratories of aviation computer human-computer interaction in ENAC

Wang Yunpeng signs the memorandum of cooperation with Bertrand RAQUET

Wang Yunpeng signs the cooperation agreement with Frédéric FOTIADU

Group photo of Wang Yunpeng and six presidents of INSA Group
In Munich, Germany, the delegation first visited Technische Universität München and exchanged ideas with Thomas F. HOFMANN, the president of the university, to gain a detailed understanding of the cooperation in talent cultivation, scientific research, and other aspects between the two universities. The two sides signed a memorandum. The delegation also paid a visit to Donald Bruce DINGWELL, academician of the European Academy of Sciences and the German National Academy of Science and Technology, and Dean of the School of Earth and Environmental Sciences at Technische Universität München, and Executive Dean Yan LAVALLÉE. They visited the high-temperature laboratory, EMPA laboratory, and rock and mineral laboratory, and reached multiple consensuses with Professor DINGWELL.

Wang Yunpeng signs the cooperation agreement with Thomas F. HOFMANN

The delegation visits the rock and mineral laboratory at Technische Universität München
In addition, Vice President Huang Haijun also led the delegation to visit universities such as the Politecnico di Milan and Accademia di belle arti di VENEZIA, focusing on student exchanges in the field of art and design, jointly organizing joint workshops, and conducting scientific research collaborations with teachers. Some members of the delegation also visited the ESTACA and the ISEP for in-depth discussions on expanding joint training and cooperative education.
In France, the delegation also conducted in-depth visits and research on relevant enterprises. They visited the COMAC Europe office in Paris, Huawei France, and the headquarters of Airbus in Toulouse. Wang Yunpeng attended the launching ceremony of the Airbus Joint Scholarship Program and gave a speech.

Wang Yunpeng has a cordial exchange with Jean MONROY, Vice President of International Human Resources Transformation of Airbus
During the visit, Wang Yunpeng and the delegation visited the Chinese Embassy in France to meet with Ambassador Lu Shaye. The two sides exchanged ideas on expanding Beihang's cooperation with France in science, education, and humanities, and deepening Sino-French cooperation in education. Lu Shaye pointed out that aerospace and energy are important areas of practical cooperation between China and France, and there is a good foundation and development potential for them. He will work with Beihang to promote Sino-French exchanges. Wang Yunpeng pointed out that Beihang started collaborating with French universities as early as 1985 and will continue to strengthen comprehensive cooperation in various fields such as talent cultivation, scientific research, elevating the friendship between China and France to a new level.

Wang Yunpeng has a communication with Ambassador Lu Shaye
Wang Yunpeng hosted a high-level talent exchange symposium in Paris and had in-depth exchanges with 12 Ethnic Chinese experts from the education and technology sectors in France. At the meeting, Wang Yunpeng carefully listened to the opinions and suggestions of each expert and introduced the basic situation and talent policies of Beihang University.

The high-level talent exchange symposium
After the meeting, Wang Yunpeng awarded the letter of appointment of talent introduction consultant to five experts.

Wang Yunpeng awards licenses to Beihang Overseas Talent Workstation

Group photo of experts attending the meeting
During the visit, Wang Yunpeng also had exchanges and discussions with alumni representatives from France and Germany. Wang Tairan, Vice President of the French Alumni Association of Beihang, reported on the basic situation of alumni in France. Wang Yunpeng pointed out that alumni are a valuable asset and resource of the university, and overseas alumni associations are one of the important carriers of Beihang's external cooperation and exchange.

Wang Yunpeng has exchanges and discussions with alumni representatives from academia and enterprises in France

Group photo of the delegation and alumni in Airbus

Group photo of the delegation and alumni in München
In addition, Wang Yunpeng also visited the dual degree students and exchange students of Beihang in France and Germany, expressing concern to them and gaining a detailed understanding of their study, life, and working conditions abroad. He encouraged students to have lofty aspirations, embrace the world, cherish their study time, strengthen their ideals and beliefs, and strive to grow into leading talents with global competence.

Cordial dialogue between Wang Yunpeng and Beihang dual degree students at CentraleSupélec

Group photo of the delegation and Beihang exchange students at Technische Universität München
During this visit, the delegation participated in a total of six bilateral exchange activities, met with presidents of ten universities, and signed seven cooperation agreements. This is an important step for Beihang to implement and promote the Beihang global strategy, lay out the international cooperation blueprint, and actively explore international partnerships. It is of great significance for the university to promote high-quality international cooperation and development, and comprehensively enhance its international education capabilities.


Written by: Fan Hang
Reviewed by: Weng Jingnong
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:627
TITLE:Orientation Ceremony for 2019 Postgraduate Students Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2281.htm
TEXT:
Orientation Ceremony for 2019 Postgraduate Students Held
                

                    Release time：September 10, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of September 7, Beihang University 2019 Postgraduate Students Orientation Ceremony took place at the gymnasium of Xueyuanlu campus. Beihang President Xu Huibin, Executive Vice President Fang Jiancheng, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun, Wang Yunpeng and Zhang Guang, Vice Party Secretary Zhao Gang, heads from various schools, colleges and divisions, teacher and alumni representatives, as well as all newly enrolled postgraduate students attended the event. Huang Haijun presided over the ceremony.

The ceremony kicked off with a video which shows the profound history and brilliant achievements of Beihang in an all-round way and interprets the patriotism of Beihangers in serving the country.

On behalf of all the faculty members and students of Beihang University, President Xu Huibin extended his warm welcome and hearty congratulations to the 6,712 new postgraduate students from all around the country. He reviewed the indelible historic contributions made by generations of Beihangers in meeting national needs and carrying out frontier science research. He encouraged all students to give first priority to the need of country and integrate individual ideals into the cause of the Party and the country, maintain their interests and deeply feel the scientific truth in learning and research, carry forward Beihang spirit in the new era and write the most colorful chapter in their life.

At the ceremony, Fang Jiancheng announced the winners of special scholarships for postgraduates from the class of 2019, and congratulated all the students who won the prizes. Certificates of appointment were awarded to the newly appointed postgraduate counselors.


Zheng Zhiming, Xiang Kaiheng, Wang Nana and Hou Taogang delivered their speeches on behalf of postgraduate supervisors, alumni, new students and postgraduate students respectively, expressing their expectations and blessings for the newly enrolled postgraduate students.

The opening ceremony came to a successful close in the melodious melody with all teachers and students chorusing the anthem Wo He Wo De Zu Guo (My Motherland and Me).


Reported by Hu Shuwei and Su Bolin
Photographed by Di Bailu,Wang Zhen and Ding Beining
Reviewed by Xu Guoqiang
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:628
TITLE:Beihang Postgraduate Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for Class of 2019
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2392.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Postgraduate Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for Class of 2019
                

                    Release time：January 14, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of January 12th, the Beihang University Postgraduate Commencement and Degree Conferring Ceremony for students of 2018-19 academic year was grandly held at Beihang Gymnasium. 613 students earned Doctor’s degrees and 3,518 students were awarded Master's degrees at the ceremony.



At the ceremony
Among the attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Vice Secretary Chen Jiwei, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi and Liu Shuchun, President Assistants Zhang Guang, Zhao Gang and Wang Rongqiao, alumni representative Wang Wei, academic degree evaluation committee members, tutor representatives, faculty, as well as graduating students and their families and friends. Beihang Vice President Wang Yunpeng presided over the ceremony.
The opening video “Never Say Goodbye to Beihang”, a collection of the warm scientific research life, sincere friendship between teachers and students and unforgettable daily memories, showed the graduates' gratitude and blessing to their Alma mater as well as their firm confidence and courage to the future.
The graduation ceremony kicked off with the solemn national anthem. During the ceremony, Cao Shumin announced the list of Beihang Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation winners and tutors; Tao Zhi read out the winners for Postgraduate Defense Employment Scholarship; and Liu Shuchun announced the list of Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing.

The ceremony of raising national flag and playing national anthem

Cao Shumin announced the list of Beihang Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation winners and tutors

Award-winning representatives received the honors on stage
In his address, President Xu Huibin expressed congratulations for the graduates. “At this moment, we share the joy of graduation, but also feel wistful and sentimental about the unforgettable time of your short study at Beihang University,” he said. He also encouraged the students to be “dream pursuers” who are brave enough to undertake the mission of national renewal. “As a new generation of Beihangers, I hope you will take up the baton of history and forge ahead to help realize our great dreams with wisdom and strength.” His sincere wishes and expectations for the graduates won prolonged applause from the audience.

President Xu Huibin delivered his address to the graduating students

Students listened to the last lecture from President Xu before graduation
The tutor representative Yang Chao from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering expected students to become sincere, honest and responsible when embarking on a new journey in the future. Wu Yanxia, a postgraduate from the School of Economics and Management, expressed her gratitude to all graduates for their efforts in inheriting Beihang culture and promoting Beihang spirit on behalf of all students. Graduate representative Liu Dong, a doctoral student from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, shared his nine-year study experience in Beihang University and called on all graduates to keep in mind of their identity as Beihangers no matter what positions they are in, to work hard, make innovations, and add luster to the glory of their Alma Mater. Alumni representative Wang Wei recalled his college years and expressed his sincere wishes for the graduates.

Yang Chao, Wu Yanxia, Liu Dong and Wang Wei delivered speeches as tutor, student, graduate and alumni representatives, respectively
During the ceremony, the alumni roster was handed over from the Graduate School to the Alumni Association. Beihang will continue to pay attention to and provide strong support for the growth and development of the graduates.

The alumni roster was handed over from the Graduate School to the Alumni Association
The ceremony ended with all graduates singing Beihang anthem Looking Up at the Starry Sky (in Chinese: Yang Wang Xing Kong) to express their deep affection for their Alma Mater.
In the following degree-awarding ceremony, university leaders and academic degree evaluation committee members plucked the tassel from the honorary hoods and awarded degrees and certificates to the new graduates. With the best wishes and blessings from Beihang teachers and students, the graduates will start a brand-new chapter in their life.


Degree-awarding ceremony


Graduates took photos with their parents and friends at the ceremony
 
Reported by Zhao Shuai and Cao Sijie
Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao, Wang Zhen and Han Siyu
Reviewed by Yu Min
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:629
TITLE:Brazil's Students to Pursue Aerospace Courses in China
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2442.htm
TEXT:
Brazil's Students to Pursue Aerospace Courses in China
                

                    Release time：October 26, 2018 / Source: CHINA DAILY
                


BEIJING, October 10 (CHINA DAILY):

BRASILIA - A group of Brazilian students have recently started postgraduate studies at the Beihang University, previously known as Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, as part of the China-Brazil Earth Resources Satellite cooperation program, which turns 30 this year.
Thanks to the program, three groups of Brazilian students have already had the opportunity to hone their skills in China.
The cooperation goes beyond hardware to human resources, according to the president of the Brazilian Space Agency, Jose Raimundo Braga Coelho.
"Since China has the BUAA, which specifically works in the space field, we expanded our cooperation to the area of human resources," says Coelho.
"We have sent people to do postgraduate and specialization courses, all financed by China, which shows its great regard for Brazil," he adds.
The program which began in 1988 has become a model of South-South scientific and technological cooperation, benefiting both countries.
Currently, eight Brazilian universities offer degrees in the aerospace field, which in itself is already a great achievement, says Coelho.
The Regional Center for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific, which was inaugurated at the BUAA in 2014, offers scholarships for Brazilian students in the master's and PhD programs in space technology.
Brazilian students, who are granted scholarships at the BUAA, take the required Mandarin courses and receive free lodging on campus and a monthly stipend.
Their studies range from global satellite navigation systems to space law.
"Space law is a very important topic," says Coelho, adding there is a need for the creation of laws for the peaceful use of space, and China has created this specific course.
Ana Paula Castro, a major of aerospace engineering who graduated from the University of Brasilia, is among the new batch of students who recently began studying in Beijing.

Brazilian students Ana Paula Castro (left) and Leticia Santos Lula are studying in Beijing as part of the China-Brazil Earth Resources Satellite cooperation program. [Photo provided to China Daily]
"When I found out about the opportunity to study space law, I was very interested, because in Brazil we don't have too many specialists in the area," says Castro.
"I think it can open many doors for me, and it could also be a way for me to contribute to the Brazilian aerospace sector."
Meanwhile, Castro has submitted a preliminary project on space garbage that "looks" 100 years into the future to see what might happen if measures are not taken now to regulate waste in space.
"A professor also proposed that I research the potential benefits of space for the world's poor communities," she says.
Leticia Santos Lula, another graduate of the University of Brasilia, is doing a master's degree in microsatellite technology in Beijing on the recommendation of one of her predecessors.
"A friend came last year to study ... He had other options in Brazil, but chose to do his master's in China and he told us it was a very good decision," says Lula.
She did not rule out staying on in China if the opportunity arises.
"I'm going with the hope that, along the way, other opportunities will come up. It could be in my academic career, in industry, if some opportunity presents itself to stay there I may go for it," she says.
 
Edited by Jia Aiping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:630
TITLE:Sino-German Scientific and Cultural Exchange Day Celebrated
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2297.htm
TEXT:
Sino-German Scientific and Cultural Exchange Day Celebrated
                

                    Release time：July 19, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


On July 15, the 2019 Sino-German Scientific and Cultural Exchange Day, jointly hosted by Beihang University and Technische Universität Clausthal, was celebrated at Beihang. The celebration whose activities included an academic seminar and a concert, was attended by Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin and President Xu Huibin.

The Group Photo of participants in the Sino-German academic seminar
The Sino-Germana cademic seminar was held at the Conference Center and hosted by Prof. Deng Yuan of the School of Materials Science and Engineering. Prof. Gunther Brenner, Vice President of Technische Universität Clausthal, Prof. Hou Zhengmeng, Director of the Sino-German Center for Energy Research and Prof. Fan Ying from the School of Economics and Management attended the seminar and delivered speeches.

The Sino-German academic seminar
Prof. Gunther Brenner first made a report on the engineering education model of Technische Universität Clausthal, elaborating on their teaching objectives, strategies and achievements of simulation education in the engineering field. Then, Prof. Hou gave a speech on issues related to German energy transformation, introducing its enlightenment to the energy situation in China and further discussing the innovative concepts of cooperation between small enterprises in China and Germany. Finally, Prof. Fan expressed his concern for the energy situation and analyzed the current status of the emission trading system in China. During the discussion section, they gave their opinions on relevant topics and answered questions from the audience in a lively atmosphere.

The Sino-German cultural exchange concert
Besides, a Sino-German cultural exchange concert was held at the Chenxing Concert Hall on the night of July 15. Eight German musicians, Chinese musicians living in Germany and Beihang Art Troupe jointly performed and presented a visual and auditory feast. The performance was colorful and brilliant, which won great applause from audience. The celebration came to a successful end with the song Auld Lang Syne performed by the two sides.

The Sino-German cultural exchange concert

Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Written by Fan Hang
Photographed by Chen Chao, Fan Hang and Tian Wenhao
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Gao Minjiang
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:631
TITLE:20 Beihang Scholars Listed as 2019 Most Cited Chinese Researchers by Elsevier
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2191.htm
TEXT:
20 Beihang Scholars Listed as 2019 Most Cited Chinese Researchers by Elsevier
                

                    Release time：May 9, 2020 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Altogether 20 scholars from Beihang University were included in Elsevier’s annual list of Most Cited Chinese Researchers which was released on May 7, 2020.
The 20 scholars are Prof. Wang Huaming and Prof. Yang Shubin from the School of Materials Science and Engineering; Prof. Jiao Zongxia, Prof. Guo Lei, Prof. Cai Kaiyuan, Prof. Tao Fei, Prof. Lyu Jinhu, Prof. Wu Huaining and Prof. Hu Qinglei from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering; Prof. Wang Jinjun, Prof. Sun Mao, Prof. Gao Yitian and Prof. Qiu Zhiping from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering; Prof. Huang Haijun, Prof. Zhou Ronggang and Prof. Guo Renyong from the School of Economics and Management; Prof. Fan Yubo and Prof. Gu Xuenan from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering; Prof. Fang Jiancheng from the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering; and Prof. Jiang Lei from the School of Chemistry.
Adopting the methods and selection criteria developed by ShanghaiRanking Consultancy, Elsevier systematically analyzed the influence of Chinese researchers on the world academia based on the citation data provided by Scopus database.
Some Elsevier’s products and services have been introduced into Beihang Library since 2001. At present, the ScienceDirect collection of electronic journals and some databases like Scopus and EI are available to Beihang teachers and students, significantly facilitating their learning and scientific research.


Reported by Liu Guangping
Reviewed by Yao Yangping
Edited by Jia Aiping and Di Bailu
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:632
TITLE:Beihang Discipline Group Development Team of Information Science Visits AVIC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2378.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Discipline Group Development Team of Information Science Visits AVIC
                

                    Release time：March 8, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee Cao Shumin, Managing Vice President Fang Jiancheng and Vice President Wang Yunpeng visited the Aviation Industry Corporation of China, Ltd. (AVIC) on the afternoon of February 27. They were received by AVIC President Luo Ronghuai, Vice Secretary of the Party Organization Li Yuhai and Executive Vice President Li Benzheng. The visit was aimed to promotethe development of first-class disciplines in Beihang, serve the national strategic needs in the field of aviation and strengthen the cooperation between Beihang and AVIC.


At the meeting
Leaders from both sides first watched a publicity video of the aviation industry. Zhang Kunhui, President and Secretary of the Party Organization of AVIC Aerospace System Co., Ltd., introduced the program of upgrading airborne systems, and Jiao Zongxia, Director of the National Key Laboratory of Flight Vehicle Control Incorporation Technology, informed the audience of the suggestions on the development of the Beihang-AVIC Innovation Center of Airborne Systems. The two sides also discussed issues like solutions to the lack of core technology, ways that universities could serve national strategy and industry, methods to match talent training with national needs, the cooperation model of the cutting-edge innovation center of airborne systems, etc.

AVIC President Luo Ronghuai spoke at the meeting
In his speech, AVIC President Luo Ronghuai pointed out that AVIC and Beihang shared one root and a common goal, and a great number of Beihangers have devoted themselves to the aviation industry of China. As airborne systems develop by leaps and bounds, he hoped that the cooperation with Beihang on the general strategy and the specific program of airborne systems could promote the cultivation of aviation talents, facilitate engineering projects based on the research achievements of universities, transform technology into soft power, and solve the key technical problems in the aviation industry.

Secretary Cao Shumin spoke at the meeting
Secretary Cao also noted the brotherhood between Beihang and AVIC. According to her, Beihang has been attaching great importance to the aerospace industry, and its discipline group of information science must serve the development of this field. She expressed her expectations that Beihang could strengthen its strategic cooperation with AVIC and tackle key technical problems with a pragmatic attitude, especially in aspects like airworthiness system and talent cultivation. These efforts are aimed at more participation from Beihang faculty and students in major national events and a truly effective role of universities in the industry-academia-research collaboration.
Other participants of Beihang University included members of the discipline group development team from the School of Electronic and Information Engineering, the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Instrumentation Science and Opto-electronics Engineering, the School of Software, the School of Cyberspace Security, the School of Microelectronics, Artificial Intelligence Institute and Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data and Brain Computing, as well as representatives from the National Key Laboratory of Flight Vehicle Control Incorporation Technology, the National Key Laboratory of Software Development Environment and the Department of Development and Planning.

Reported by Hu Qinglei
Reviewed by ZhaoGang
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:633
TITLE:4th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2533.htm
TEXT:
4th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Held
                

                    Release time：May 21, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


The 4th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars was held at the Vision International Cultural Exchange Center on May 7. The Forum was sponsored by Beihang University and co-sponsored by the Human Resource Department, the International Research Institute for Multidisciplinary Science, and the Innovation Institute of Interdisciplinary Medicine-Engineering. Young scholars from world-class universities and research institutes, including Harvard University, Yale University, Stanford University, Columbia University, Johns Hopkins University and the National University of Singapore, participated in this forum.  
Cheng Jiwei, Deputy Secretary of the CPC Beihang University Committee and Fang Jiancheng, Vice President of Beihang University attended the opening session. Wang Yunpeng, Vice President of Beihang University, presided over the forum. Other participants included academicians in various fields, Changjiang Scholars, winners of National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars, deans and secretaries from different Schools and so on.
On behalf of Beihang, Cheng Jiwei congratulated on the successful opening of the 4th Vision Forum and expressed his gratitude and greetings to all the young scholars who participated in the forum. He stated that all members of Beihang University, bearing in mind their “Beihang Dream”, endeavored unswervingly in developing Beihang into a world class university rooted in China. To explain why Beihang is a reliable choice for young scholars, he put forward four keywords: trust, inclusiveness, harmony and platform. He hoped that young scholars could return to China after studying abroad and made their dream come true in Beihang.
Cheng Jiwei and Fang Jiancheng unveiled the newly established High-Level Talents Center and Faculty Service Center of Beihang University. An integrated human resources service system was officially implemented in order to better support Beihang in buildinga world-class university and first-class disciplines as well as ensuring good working conditions for academics so that they can wholeheartedly devote themselves to teaching and research.  

Fang Jiancheng awarded certificates to delegates of young scholars who were invited to speak on the forum, giving them credit for the extraordinary achievements they have accomplished in their fields. He hoped that they can take advantage of this opportunity to fully exchange views with each other so that new scientific and technological innovations can be stimulated and greater achievements can be made.

Later, Fang Jiancheng gave a plenary talk titled “Gathering Talents, Cultivating Talents, Beihang Helps You Realize Your Dream”, in which he comprehensively introduced Beihang’s scientific and technological innovations as well as the promotion of world-class university building. He noted that Beihang would comprehensively launch the “Kunpeng Program” to introduce talents and encourage innovations through effective mechanisms, extensive platforms and favorable working conditions. Beihang, with sincerity and strength, offered great platforms for talents who have ambitions and aspirations and genuinely invited all young scholars to contribute to the development of Beihang in the future.

During the forum, Academician Zheng Zhiming gave a presentation entitled “Big Data－to Begin With Newton’s Scientific Ideas”. He elaborated on the modern and contemporary development of science and technology by making a systematic review of Newton’s scientific theory, the rise of scientific experiments in the late 19th century and early 20th century, the prevalence of the scientific computation in the mid-20th century and the dominance of big data since 21st century. Yang Lijun who won the Changjiang Scholar award gave the academic report titled “Challenges in the Development of High-Thrust Liquid-Propellant Rocket Engine”. Prof. Liu Zhiqi gave an academic report under the title of “Electric-Field-Controlled Memory Devices”. Speakers enlivened the forum and drew warm applause from the audiences.

During the two-day forum, the schools of Beihang University actively communicated with young scholars in multiple forms, comprehensively presented the current situation and future plans of the schools to the scholars, and discussed the possibility of cooperation with them. Meanwhile, the Human Resource Department conducted a review of the Zhuoyue 100 Program of Beihang University, implementing the plan to build the talent team projected in the Kunpeng Program.
 
Reported by Shi Jingxia and Li Yan
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:634
TITLE:2023 Beihang Global Science and Innovation Competition Kicks Off
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3618.htm
TEXT:
2023 Beihang Global Science and Innovation Competition Kicks Off
                

                    Release time：October 25, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On October 21, the 2023 Beihang Global Science and Innovation Competition (BSIC Global) was launched in Beijing. Yu Jun, Deputy Director and Secretary-General of the Beijing Municipal People's Congress Standing Committee, Yang Jiayan, Director of the Housing Fund Supervision Department of the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, Kan Baokui, Deputy Minister of the Youth Development Department of the Communist Youth League Central Committee, Lin Jianhua, Deputy District Governor and Standing Committee Member of the Haidian District Committee, Du Xinfeng, Assistant Secretary-General of the Innovation China Youth 100 Program of the China Association for Science and Technology, Wang Yunpeng, President of Beihang University, Liu Daxiang and Wang Huaming, academicians of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, Cheng Bo, Deputy Party Secretary of Beihang University, Xia Wei, alumni representative and Chairman of Beihang Investment Co., Ltd., heads from schools and relevant departments, representatives of young teachers and student science and technology innovation teams, and responsible persons of the competition's cooperative organizations attended the opening ceremony.

In his speech, Wang Yunpeng pointed out that the university has always insisted on transforming the advantages of scientific research into advantages of talent cultivation and has created a four-level student science and innovation system, namely, "basic education – intramural competition - domestic platform - international stage," which systematically cultivates outstanding innovative talents. BSIC Global is an important initiative for the university to further optimize the structure of the student science and innovation system and create an innovative and entrepreneurial ecosystem. It is also an important measure to promote the convergence of student’s innovation with various resources and integrate the innovation capabilities of top universities worldwide. The current competition has set up a new track for students, highlighting the important position of students in scientific and technological innovation in the university, further assisting young students to establish an innovative spirit, develop innovative abilities, and conduct innovative projects.
Lin Jianhua fully affirmed the significance of Beihang's technological innovation capabilities for the construction of an innovative ecological development in Haidian District. In the future, Haidian District will continuously optimize relevant support measures, make full use of excellent innovation resources represented by Beihang University, strengthen deep cooperative linkage, promote the transformation and implementation of more scientific and technological innovation achievements, and boost the innovation-driven development path in Haidian. On behalf of the alumni, Xia Wei expressed strong support and high expectations for the university's teachers and students in the field of innovation and entrepreneurship.

At the ceremony, Kan Baokui and Cheng Bo presented awards to the "High-level Student Science and Technology Innovation Teams for 2023-2025" of the university. Yu Jun, Wang Yunpeng, Liu Daxiang, Wang Huaming, Yang Jiayan, Kan Baokui, Lin Jianhua, and Xia Wei jointly launched the competition.

This year's BSIC Global has set up three tracks: Seed Track, Startup Track, and Growth Track, focusing on future aerospace technology, medical engineering intersection, new energy, advanced manufacturing, and other fields. It has established sub-competition sites in 10 cities at home, including Beijing, Shenzhen, and Ningbo, as well as some overseas sites in Germany and France.


Written by: Zhang Zhihao
Photos by: Di Bailu
Reviewed by: Liu Yang
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:635
TITLE:Academician Zheng Zhiming Elected as Vice President of China Senior Professors Association
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3080.htm
TEXT:
Academician Zheng Zhiming Elected as Vice President of China Senior Professors Association
                

                    Release time：May 20, 2021 / Zang Mingming
                


On May 11, the 6th Board Meeting of the 8th Session of China Senior Professors Association was held in Beijing Conference Center, during which the members discussed documents for the preparation of the 9th National Congress and approved the suggested list of candidates of council members, leading organizations and presidium for the 9th National Congress.
Academician Zheng Zhiming, President of Beihang “Three Seniors” Association (the collective name for Senior Scientific and Technical Workers Association, Senior Professors Association and Senior Educators Association at Beihang University), was elected as the vice president of China Senior Professors Association. Besides, Professor Zheng Yanliang, Executive Vice President of Beihang “Three Seniors” Association, was elected as the executive director.

China Senior Professors Association, formerly known as “Beijing Senior Professors Lecturing Group” established in 1985 with the approval of the State Education Commission of the PRC, was renamed as “China Senior Professors Association” in 1991 with the approval of the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC.
The Association is a national, professional and non-profit social organization voluntarily formed by professors, associate professors, researchers, associate researchers and other experts with senior professional and technological titles over the age of 55. Over the years, it has contributed a lot to organizing private education activities, providing scientific and technological consulting services, promoting international academic exchanges and cooperation, and compiling academic works and popular science readings.


Reported by Zheng Yanliang
Reviewed by Zha Guoqing
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:636
TITLE:Dialogue with Inspiring Women Teachers in Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2377.htm
TEXT:
Dialogue with Inspiring Women Teachers in Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 11, 2019 / Li Siying
                


Hosted by the Labor Union of Beihang and Beihang Women Professors’ Association, a special dialogue to share inspiring stories of four women teacher representatives in Beihang was held a day before International Women’s Day, which was part of Beihang face-to-face series in celebration of the festival for women.

Four guests sharing their inspiring stories (upper left: Su Donglin; upper right: Liu Hong; lower left: Wang Shaoping; lower right: Han Huiyu)
All of the four eminent Beihang females invited to the event have their own inspiring stories of devotion, perseverance, and honors to share both in work and in life. Su Donglin is the first prize winner of State Technological Invention Award. Liu Hong, one of Top 10 National Female Newsmakers 2018, is the chief designer and chief scientist of “Yuegong-1” (a simulated space “cabin” / closed experimental human life support system built by Beihang University). Professor Wang Shaoping is a distinguished professor of the Chang Jiang Scholars Program, and Party Secretary Han Huiyu from the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering is recognized as Advanced Individual in the National Key Disciplines Assessment of the 11th Five-Year Plan.

Hong Guanxin, President of Beihang Women Professors’ Association hosted the event.

Personal sharing of the four admirable figures impressed and inspired the audience greatly. The audiences responded with many valuable questions that they are confused about, all of which were answered patiently by the four guests on the stage.

Many leaders and representatives both within and outside Beihang attended to send their congratulations to those women who are devoting themselves to the career of high-quality education in the new era. Among those present were Zhu Jingping, Vice President of Beijing Educational Labor Union, and Wang Yunpeng, Vice President of Beihang University. Over 10 mainstream media including Xinhua and Guangming Daily have covered the event.

Student representatives presenting flowers to women teachers

Reported by Zhang Fang and Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu and Gao Runqi
Reviewed by Yu Min
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:637
TITLE:Eight Professors and Students from Beihang University Claim 2022 Baosteel Education Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3414.htm
TEXT:
Eight Professors and Students from Beihang University Claim 2022 Baosteel Education Award
                

                    Release time：December 28, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


Recently, the 2022 Baosteel Education Award was announced, and all eight recommended professors and students of Beihang University were awarded. Professor Hong Jie from the School of Energy and Power Engineering won the nomination award for Grand Prize of Baosteel Excellent Teacher; Professor Huang Anping from the School of Physics and Professor Wang Kai from the Law School were awarded the Baosteel Excellent Teacher Award; Wang Yijun from the School of Materials Science and Engineering, Huo Mengzhen from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, Tian Bochen from the School of Aeronautical Science and Engineering, Meng Yapeng from the School of Astronautics, and Liu Tingyi from the School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering were awarded the Baosteel Excellent Student Award.
The Baosteel Education Award is a non-public offering fund administered by the Ministry of Education and exclusively funded by Baosteel. It is one of the most well-known education awards in China, which is funded by state-owned enterprises, supported and guided by the government, advised and planned by experts, and actively participated by universities. The award aims to reward outstanding talent, show respect to the teaching profession, promote industry-university cooperation and support educational development.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Song Ziyun
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:638
TITLE:Beihang Holds Cultural Activities to Celebrate “Double-Festival”
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2153.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds Cultural Activities to Celebrate “Double-Festival”
                

                    Release time：October 5, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On October 1st, the day that we celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival and National Day 2020 together, Beihang organized colorful cultural activities and expressed its wishes to all students, hoping that each student will spend a warm and unforgettable “Double-Festival” holiday.
At 7:10 am on October 1st, the bright five-starred red flag was fluttering at Beihang with students singing the national anthem aloud.




Raising the National flag at Beihang
Schools conducted and organized the Mid-Autumn Festival Party, the theme exhibition “Beihang at a Glance” and other activities. Head teachers, supervisors, counselors and students gathered together to chat and express their own wishes. Students’ bright smiles added to the gaiety of the festival.

The festival gifts prepared by the School of Transportation Science and Engineering
The School of Chemistry held the Mid-Autumn Festival party to celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival and National Day with all teachers and students. During the party, some elaborate activities, such as guessing lantern riddles and making moon cakes, brought waves of laughter to the campus.

The School of Chemistry held the Mid-Autumn Festival party
During the “Double-Festival” holiday, Beihang School prepared moon cakes and epidemic prevention supplies for the whole students, and counselors visited each dormitory to conduct discussion and interaction with teachers and head teachers. The Mid-Autumn Gala, social gathering among schools, movies and other relevant activities created a warm and lively festive atmosphere.

Head teachers from Beihang School visited students’ dormitories
The School of Automatic Science and Electrical Engineering prepared moon cakes and chocolates for each student, which was considered as “the first wave of warmth in autumn from the School of Automatic Science and Electrical Engineering” by the students. School leaders also visited students’ dormitories and sent their wishes to students.

School leaders visited students’ dormitories
The School of Astronautics provided epidemic prevention supplies, including infrared thermometers, disinfectant and hand sanitizer, for 126 graduate student dormitories and 156 undergraduate student dormitories. School leaders and counselors visited students’ dormitories and sent elaborately-prepared moon cake packages, hoping that each student will have a safe and wonderful “Double-Festival” holiday.

The School of Astronautics held the Mid-Autumn celebration activity
Zhang Deyuan, Dean of Beihang School, and other school leaders came to students’ dormitories to send wishes and moon cakes. On behalf of the School of Mathematical Sciences, Yuan Xing, Secretary of Party Committee of the School, drummed into students that we should have a healthy habit and life style and endeavor to work hard.

Zhang Deyuan, Dean of Beihang School, came to students’ dormitories

Yuan Xing, Secretary of Party Committee of the School of Mathematical Sciences, came to students’ dormitories
The School of Foreign Languages organized class meetings, fully illustrating relevant regulations and travel precautions during the holiday and a series of cultural activities for students. On the afternoon of September 30th, Deputy Secretary of Party Committee Cheng Bo came to Shahe Campus to talk with freshman representatives. During the conversation, students shared their own unforgettable memories in 2020, their feelings for Beihang and expectations for the future campus life. Cheng Bo also sent books to students on site and wished them have a rational plan for their scientific research life and spend a safe, healthy, warm and joyous holiday.

Deputy Secretary of Party Committee Cheng Bo talked with freshman representatives
On September 30th and October 1st, Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall at Xueyuan Road Campus and Yongman Theater at Shahe Campus broadcast the National Day and Mid-Autumn evening party aired on CCTV (China Central Television) for teachers and students at school. During the holiday, in order to fully express its warmth and wishes, the university arranged a series of cultural activities, such as watching movies for free (“My People, My homeland”, “The Eight Hundred”), cloud reading, and opening the land for public use.



Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Wang Zhen and Zhang Keli
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:639
TITLE:Beihang Holds “Cloud” University Open Day of 2020
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2170.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds “Cloud” University Open Day of 2020
                

                    Release time：July 21, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


Beihang held its annual University Open Day online this year on July 16, considering the situation of epidemic prevention and control.
The “cloud” event consisted of the live streaming by Guangming Daily, a virtual reality visit to the campus with a panoramic view, a dialogue with the staff responsible for undergraduate admission, an introduction to schools and a Q&A session by the admission groups for each province. It began at 9 a.m. and ended at 3 p.m.
In 2020 Beihang continues to admit students based on their interest and aptitude in general disciplines and its admission plan is basically the same as that in 2019.

Leaders from the Office of Admission and Career Development and the Office of Academic Affairs introduced the university and its admission policy, talent cultivation and student development

During the live streaming, a visit was paid to Beijing Air and Space Museum, one of the landmarks of Beihang

Teachers introduced schools and majors to the audience
The event enabled high school graduates and their family members know more about the requirements, research orientation and development prospect of each major in the online live streaming rooms of different schools. They could also have their questions answered through phone calls and QQ chats with the staff from the Office of Admission and Career Development, schools and admission groups.
The live streaming of this event was watched over 2.45 million times on nine platforms, marking a good start of the admission and publicity work after the 2020 national college entrance exam. As a follow-up, Beihang’s admission groups will go to each province to provide face-to-face admission consultation for the examinees.


Reported by Wen Xinlin and Yao Youlin
Reviewed by Deng Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:640
TITLE:8th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Starts
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2179.htm
TEXT:
8th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars Starts
                

                    Release time：June 24, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


The 8th Beihang University Vision Forum for International Young Scholars, which consists of one main forum and 22 sub-forums, kicked off online on June 20.
The forum invited over 300 young talents from world-class universities and research institutions, including Harvard University, the University of Cambridge, the University of Pennsylvania, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University, the National University of Singapore, etc.
Chaired by Zhuang Yan, Vice Director of Human Resource Department, the opening ceremony of the main forum was attended by Prof. Wang Yunpeng, Vice President of Beihang, and Prof. Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee. Prof. Zhao delivered a welcome speech, in which he introduced Beihang’s talent introduction and cultivation mechanism from three aspects: a policy environment where talents can achieve their full potential, a global network to select the best talents for the university, and a multi-level platform for talent cultivation. He noted that Beihang will always welcome talents across the world with its open and inclusive spirit.

Vice Secretary Zhao Gang gave a welcome speech
Vice President Wang Yunpeng addressed the forum by reviewing the history and achievements of Beihang and introducing its discipline development and future plan. According to him, as a university serving national strategic needs, Beihang will develop top engineering disciplines, first-class science disciplines, quality art disciplines and a medicine-engineering combination with unique advantages, producing “great results” of “great projects” through the efforts of its “great teams” on “great platforms”. He sincerely invited young talents at home and abroad to join Beihang to realize their dreams.

Vice President Wang Yunpeng gave a report
After them, Prof. Ding Shuiting, Dean of the School of Energy and Power Engineering and the Research Institute of Aero-Engine, shared his thoughts on the future development of aero-engines. Prof. Lyu Jinhu, Dean of the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, discussed how artificial intelligence could power automation. Prof. Zhao Lidong, Vice Dean of the School of Materials Science and Engineering, gave a report on thermoelectric materials.

Prof. Ding, Prof. Lyu and Prof. Zhao delivered reports
Aimed at precise talent introduction, 22 sub-forums will be held by different schools of Beihang from June 21 to July 12 using Tencent Meeting, catering to each school’s own talent recruitment plan of 2020. To support newly established schools and institutes, the forum will also include meetings where young talents can directly interact with leaders and prominent scholars of the Institute of Artificial Intelligence, the School of Medical Science and Engineering and so on to gain better knowledge of them and the university.



Reported by Xue Guoqing
Reviewed by Zhuang Yan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:641
TITLE:Beihang Teachers and Students Attend Celebration of 2021 Space Day of China
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3068.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Teachers and Students Attend Celebration of 2021 Space Day of China
                

                    Release time：May 6, 2021 / Li Xueru
                



On April 24, the opening ceremony of 2021 Space Day of China and the China Aerospace Conference was held in Nanjing, Jiangsu province. He Xinzhou, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection of Beihang University, Academician Qi Faren, Honorary President of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, and Academician Su Donglin from the School of Electronics and Information Engineering were invited to attend the event.


At the conference, over 20 teachers and students from the Office of Admission and Career Development, the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering participated in several kinds of activities, such as academic discussions about industrial development and science and education popularization. In the Space Spirit High-end Forum, Academician Qi Faren delivered a keynote speech entitled “Passing on the Chinese Space Spirit and Building China’s Strength in Aeronautics”, during which Qi expressed his respect to Chinese pioneers in the Aerospace industry for their deep and pure love for our nation. Qi also educated young students that they should bravely face new challenges in the industry with the Chinese space spirit and fulfill the task to build China’s strength in Aeronautics.

Representative teachers and students from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, an exhibitor in the forum, showed and shared the important developments and progress of APSCO and Beihang University Joint undefinedall Satellite Project for college students. During the process, He Xinzhou had in-depth and comprehensive communications with the teachers and students after listening to their presentation of the small satellite project.

Deng Yi, Director of the Office of Admission and Career Development of Beihang University, was invited to attend the theme activity “National Youth Space Science Education Forum and Principal Forum” of the China Space Day. Director Deng introduced the educational philosophy and application policies, as well as the Pilot Reform Program of Enrollment for Basic Subjects of Beihang University.

Yang Lijun, Dean of the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, took part in the CubeSat International Cooperation and Future Development Forum for College Students and discussed the chances and challenges of Space Universities CubeSat Challenge (SUCC) with the attendees as a special guest. Xu Ming, a professor from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering, was employed by the forum committee as a committee member and by Chinese Society of Aeronautics as an expert of Micro-Nano satellite science, to popularize knowledge of the aeronautics industry and contrive innovative ideas about talent cultivation.

Professor Guo Lei from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering and Professor Li Huifeng from the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering attended the Space Intelligent and Autonomous Control Forum, and the Intelligent Control Boosting the Development of Intelligent Rocket Academic Forum and the Academic Annual Meeting of Academic Committee of Siyuan Alliance.

Wang Weizong, Vice Dean of the School of Astronautic Science and Engineering, participated in the International Forum on Space Industrialization and Commercial Space Development at the China Aerospace Conference and the opening ceremony and the first plenary session of the Space Industrialization Committee of the Chinese Astronautical Society, offering advice on actively promoting the development of space industrialization.
As a comprehensive event with the greatest influence on Chinese aeronautics industry, the 2021 China Space Day was held with the theme of “Voyaging Into Space, Pursuing Dreams”.

Reported by Wang Zongwei
Review by Liu Rui
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Xueru
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:642
TITLE:14th Aerospace Laureate Awards Bestowed at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2139.htm
TEXT:
14th Aerospace Laureate Awards Bestowed at Beihang
                

                    Release time：November 23, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On the afternoon of Nov.18, the 14th Aerospace Laureate Awards Awarding Ceremony was held at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. Tan Ruisong, Chairman and Party Group Secretary of Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC), Cao Jianguo, Chairman and Executive Director of Aero Engine Corporation of China, Wang Jingsong, President of Northwestern Polytechnical University, Luo Ronghuai, Deputy Party Secretary at Aviation Industry Corporation, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, and zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University,  were present at the ceremony.


Other attendees included representatives from Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense, Civil Aviation Administration of China, China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, China Aerospace Science & Industry Corporation (CASIC), China North Industries Group Corporation Limited and so on.
In tandem with the awarding ceremony, the book “Laureate Series”, which tells the story of the award winners, was published. The first batch of the book series that were brought out at the event included “The Laureate Zhang Enhe”, “The Laureate Luan Enjie” and “The Laureate Gu songfen”.


At the beginning, Beihang Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang delivered a speech in which he expressed his gratitude and paid his respects to people who have devoted themselves to China's aerospace development and emphasized Beihang's role in cultivating leading talents in this field.

In his speech, Li Benzheng, Deputy Secretary of the Party Leadership Group of AVIC, spoke highly of the Aerospace Laureate awards’ role in motivating aerospace researchers and scholars. He said that choosing Beihang as the venue for the awarding ceremony shows their recognition of the university's contribution in the national aerospace development.

12 individual or group laureates won seven awards at the event. Among whom, four Beihangers were rewarded, i.e., Li Dong, an undergraduate alumni (class of 1989) majoring in Aircraft Design and the chief designer of the Long March-5 rocket, won the“Tech Pioneer Award”; Chi Jun, chief commander for the BDS-3 satellites who got his bachelor degree in 1990 and received his doctoral degree in 2016 at Beihang, was honored with the “Excellent Leader Award”; Yin Zeyong, head of Science and Technology Commission of Aero Engine Corporation of China who got his doctoral degree at the School of Energy and Power Engineering in 1990, and Chen Yijian, the general designer of the Flying Leopard, former chief designer at AVIC the First Aircraft Institute and an adjunct Professor at Beihang in 1989, won the “Lifelong Dedication Award”, respectively.


Qin Shijun from AVIC Harbin Aircraft Industry Group won the “National Craftsman Award”

Cao Yansheng from the No. 283 Factory of CASIC won the “National Craftsman Award”

Shanghai Flight Department of China Eastern Airlines won the “Outstanding Flight Award”

The airborne landing and dropping group led by Li Jun from AVIC won the “Dauntless Hero Award”

Li Dong, chief designer of the Long March-5 rocket, won the “Tech Pioneer Award”

Deng Jinghui from China Helicopter Research and Development Institute at AVIC won the “Tech Pioneer Award”

Wang Jingsong, President of Northwestern Polytechnical University, won the “Excellent Leader Award”

Chi Jun, head of the BDS-3 satellite, won the “Excellent Leader Award”

Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China and AVIC won the “Best Cooperators Award”

Chen Yijian, Academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering and former chief designer at AVIC the First Aircraft Institute, won the “Lifelong Dedication Award”

Yin Zeyong, head of Science and Technology Commission of Aero Engine Corporation of China, won the “Lifelong Dedication Award”
The ceremony ended with the song “I Love the Blue Sky of My Motherland”.

The Aerospace Laureate awards was founded in 2005 to commend aerospace talents who have made great contributions in the national science and technology development and displayed noble spirits in this course. Up to now, 98 individuals and 29 groups have won the awards. After 14 years of development, the Aerospace Laureate awards have been widely recognized and gained significant influence in the field of aerospace.




Reported by Wang Qing and Huang Min
Photographed by Di Bailu, Tian Wenhao and Zhang Keli
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:643
TITLE:Seminar on Education and Training between Beihang and APSCO Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3242.htm
TEXT:
Seminar on Education and Training between Beihang and APSCO Held
                

                    Release time：January 10, 2022 / Wen Peiyu
                


On the morning of December 28, 2021, Beihang University and Asia Pacific Space Cooperation Organization (APSCO) held a seminar on education and training. Yu Qi, Secretary General of APSCO, Ferhat Fikri Ozeren, Deputy Secretary General of APSCO, Mohammad Ebrahimi Seyedabad, Minister of Education and Training of APSCO, Wu Shuhui, Deputy Director of the International Department of China National Space Administration (CNSA), Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, and heads from the Training Department of the Graduate School and the International Division attended the seminar. The event was hosted by Weng Jingnong, Director of APSCO Education and Training China Center and Dean of the International School of Beihang University.

In his speech, Huang Haijun extended a warm welcome to Secretary General Yu Qi and her delegation. Huang noted that Beihang University has been in cooperation with APSCO for more than a decade, and has cultivated around 300 postgraduate students and doctoral students in the field of space science and technology education for member countries of the organization. To cope with the Covid-19 pandemic, Beihang has actively explored the mode of online education, and has carried out online teaching and research since 2020, so as to ensure the training quality of postgraduate students from APSCO member countries. On October 14, 2021, the APSCO Student Small Satellite-1 (APSCO-SSS-1) led by Beihang University was successfully launched in Taiyuan, which has promoted the research and development ability of students from member countries.

Yu Qi congratulated Beihang University on its successful launch of APSCO-SSS-1. She noted that as the first major international project of APSCO, APSCO-SSS-1 has further promoted the exchanges and cooperation among member countries in the field of space technology and applications.

Weng Jingnong reported on the overall education and training of APSCO students, and introduced the measures taken by the International School of Beihang University in teaching and daily management of students during the pandemic. Despite many challenges, Beihang University has always placed students’ needs as the top priority and guaranteed they have a good experience for both online and on-site study.
The representatives of APSCO and CNSA gave full recognition and gratitude to Beihang for its efforts and contributions in international student training, and expressed their willingness to actively cooperate with Beihang University to overcome the impact of the epidemic.
Since the establishment of APSCO in 2008, Beihang University and APSCO have enhanced their cooperation in the field of international talent training. Approved by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China, Beihang University has undertaken the work of APSCO Education and Training China Center since 2013. By 2021, Beihang has cultivated 230 postgraduate students and 64 doctoral students for APSCO member countries.


Reported by Guo Yuanyuan
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:644
TITLE:Vice President of Technical University of Madrid Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2529.htm
TEXT:
Vice President of Technical University of Madrid Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：May 30, 2018 / Li Siying
                


On the afternoon of May 18, Asuncion Gomez, Vice President of the Technical University of Madrid (UPM) visited Beihang University together with Prof. Claudio Feijoo, Director of UPM cooperation with China. Prof. Li Deyu, Director of International Division, and Prof. Wu Wenjun from the Research Institute of Artificial Intelligence met the visitors.


Prof. Li Deyu first extended welcome to Prof. Gomez for his second visit to Beihang following the first last October. He said that Beihang looks forward to strengthening the cooperation in scientific research with UPM. Prof. Gomez thanked for the warm reception, and agreed that the UPM is ready for deeper cooperation and exchange of research staff with Beihang University in artificial intelligence and other fields.
Next, both sides introduced their status quo of scientific research as well as talents cultivation, and exchanged views on how to conduct cooperation between the two universities. They agreed to establish a seed research fund in support of collaborative research projects of Beihang and the UPM. Bilateral seminars on artificial intelligence will be held, and exchange of research staff will be promoted by projects of MSCA, ERC and research funds of both universities.
The Technical University of Madrid (UPM) was founded in 1971. It consists of 4 campuses and has altogether 21 schools. There are over 3,000 teaching and research staff members, 39,000 undergraduate students and 6,000 postgraduate students in UPM. The university leads Europe in the subjects of astronautics and aeronautics, energy, electrical engineering, computer science, information management, industry engineering, chemical engineering, agricultural technology, architecture, and so on. It ranks 81st in the field of engineering and technology, according to the latest QS World University Rankings.
  
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:645
TITLE:Beihang Professor Fu Huishan from School of Space and Environment Awarded Capital Labor Medal 2022
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3285.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor Fu Huishan from School of Space and Environment Awarded Capital Labor Medal 2022
                

                    Release time：May 9, 2022 / Li Zhuoyang
                


Recently, honorary titles were awarded to some exemplary organizations and individuals by Beijing Municipal Federation of Trade Unions and the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Human Resources and Social Security to promote and encourage the spirit of model workers, the value of work, and the pursuit of fine workmanship.
Beihang professor Fu Huishan from the School of Space and Environment of Beihang University was awarded “Capital Labor Medal” 2022.

Fu Huishan is a professor and PhD supervisor in Beihang University. He is also the winner of the National Outstanding Youth Fund, deputy director of the Key Laboratory of Space Environment Monitoring and Information Processing, deputy director of the CSSR Committee on Space Physics, and core member of Innovative Research Groups of the National Natural Science Foundation of China.
Professor Fu’s research interests lie in space science and planetary science. He has discovered discrete magnetoacoustic waves in space as well as a new theory of magnetic reconnection and a new mechanism of accelerating electrons at magnetic fronts in space. He has published 29 SCI papers as the first author in Nature Physics, PRL, GRL, APJL, and other journals. Fu’s research results are highly praised by academic organizations at home and abroad.

Professor Fu is a member of Beihang Postgraduate Education Supervision Group, and he teaches one of the core courses, Magnetospheric Physics, for postgraduate students. The PhD students under his supervision have been rated as associate professor (Liu Chengming) and assistant professor (Xu Yin). Among the postgraduate students under his supervision, two of them have been awarded excellent doctoral theses, five of them have won academic awards in their field, more than 50 students have won scholarships, and three students have participated in joint training programs overseas.
In addition, Professor Fu is the form teacher of undergraduate class of 2019 and he teaches one of the core courses, Introduction to Magnetospheric Physics, for undergraduate students. Fu’s class won the second prize in the singing competition held to celebrate PRC’s 70th founding anniversary. The undergraduate students under his supervision also have excellent performance and achieve many prizes, scholarships and honorary titles. Chen Xiaohang is one of them, who has won the first prize in “Feng Ru Cup” Science & Technology Competition.

Professor Fu Huishan is steadfast in his political stance and bears the big picture in mind and focuses on carrying out his duties. In terms of scientific research, he is rigorous and sticks to the principle of seeking truth from facts, and strictly follows the academic ethics. In the aspect of teachers’ code of morality, Professor Fu cares and encourages the students, works hard to foster the all-round moral, intellectual and physical development of students. Under his guidance, the students improve both research capability and social skills.


Reported by Xia Juping
Reviewed by Cheng Wenhao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:646
TITLE:Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2198.htm
TEXT:
Voluntary Tree-Planting Activity Held
                

                    Release time：April 10, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                



A voluntary tree-planting activity was held at the Shahe Campus of Beihang on April 9, adorning the university with new brushes of green.
It was attended by over 30 people, including the university leadership, people in charge of departments at Shahe Campus and student representatives. Among the leaders were Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin, He Xinzhou, Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun, Wang Yunpeng, Zhang Guang, Zhao Gang, Wang Rongqiao and Cheng Bo.


The participants planted trees like lacebark pine and plum at the green space on the south side of Shahe Campus as planned, aiming to beautify the campus.

Such activity, according to Chinese President Xi Jinping at a voluntary tree-planting activity in Beijing on April 3, is a boost to the economic and social progress and the return to normal work and life as the situation of epidemic control in China keeps improving. He also considers it as a way to promote respect and care for nature and the harmony between humans and nature.
Following his ecological view, Beihang believes that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets and has added 20,078 square meters of green space (including the part that is under construction) from 2019 to 2020. An increase of 229 trees, 777 flowering shrubs, 3,334 square meters of hedgerow and 12,565 square meters of flowers and ground cover have taken place to make sure that the campus enjoys blossom for three seasons and luxuriant green foliage throughout the year.
After the tree-planting activity, the leaders visited the National Engineering Laboratory of Additive Manufacturing for Large Metallic Components, construction sites of dormitories, dining halls and wind tunnels as well as the canteens at Shahe Campus to know about the situation of work resumption and epidemic control and express their solicitude to the workers there.



Reported by Liang Yongshi
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Zhang Huiyuan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:647
TITLE:Associate Professor Yu Shui from School of New Media Art and Design Invited to Deliver Aesthetic Education Lectures
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3451.htm
TEXT:
Associate Professor Yu Shui from School of New Media Art and Design Invited to Deliver Aesthetic Education Lectures
                

                    Release time：March 20, 2023 / Lu Meili
                


On March 8 and March 15, Yu Shui, Associate Professor of the School of New Media Art and Design, was invited to give a lecture named The Story Behind Yao — Chinese Folktales (On Episode “Nobody”) at the Sunrise Concert Hall of the Xueyuan Road Campus and the Yongman Theatre of the Shahe Campus, respectively. Both lectures were packed, attracting over 1,200 students and teachers. The lectures were hosted by Zang Xiaoge, Deputy Director of the Aesthetic Education Centre.


Yao — Chinese Folktales is an anthology of eight short animated films rooted in traditional Chinese culture, co-produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio and Bilibili. The first episode “Nobody” follows the story of an ordinary yao in Journey to the West from a unique perspective, which received rave reviews on its first day of broadcast. Yu Shui, as the director of “Nobody”, talked about the creation process and the story behind this animated film from several aspects including the theme, the script, the arts and the directing, showing teachers and students how an animated film was produced. He also discussed with the audience how to effectively tell a Chinese story.


Before the lectures, Shen Xukun, Dean of the School of New Media Art and Design and Director of the Aesthetic Education Centre, and Wang Qun, Secretary of the Party Committee of the School of New Media Art and Design, gave an introduction to Yu Shui and his works. Yu Shui is the head of the Department of Digital Animation Art of the School, an animation director, and a visiting scholar at Bauhaus-Universität Weimar, Germany. He has won more than forty awards from major film festivals at home and abroad.

After the lectures, Wang Qun summarized the content, pointing out that Yu Shui's works fully reflected traditional Chinese culture and promoted the self-confidence and self-improvement of Chinese culture, and that the lectures were warmly welcomed by students. In the future, the Aesthetic Education Centre will continue to offer more high-quality practical lectures that are relevant to everyday life.


Reported by Gao Rui
Reviewed by Wang Qun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lu Meili
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:648
TITLE:Members from School of Foreign Languages Awarded in 30th Han Suyin International Translation Contest
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2424.htm
TEXT:
Members from School of Foreign Languages Awarded in 30th Han Suyin International Translation Contest
                

                    Release time：November 23, 2018 / Zhao Yue
                


Awarding ceremony of the 30th Han Suyin Internationl Translation Contest was held at Beijing International Convention Center on November 19. Representatives from Translators Association of China (TAC), Guangdong University of Foreign Studies (GDUFS), International Federation of Translators (FIT) and other organizers attended the ceremony along with award winners.
Beihang won the best organization award and ranked the first. Besides, in Chinese to Russian translation competition, Wang Yue won the first prize and Wang Kaiyuan won the excellence prize. As for Chinese to English translation, Guo Qingqing received the third prize; Cheng Yanqing, Dong Muge, and Wei Haodong received the excellence prizes, and for English to Chinese translation, Zhao Huawei, Zhang Yinglu, Zhang Jiahui, Wang Yicheng, Wang Qingping, and Ren Jianxia were awarded the excellence prizes.




Founded by the Chinese Translators Journal in 1986, Han Suyin International Translation Contest is the longest organized and most influential translation contest in China. The contest aims to improve the translation ability of the youth and cultivate translators. It plays an active role in enhancing cultural exchanges at home and abroad, promoting friendship among people around the world, and advancing world peace and development. The contest is co-sponsored by the Translators Association of China (TAC) and Guangdong University of Foreign Studies (GDUFS), jointly organized by Chinese Translators Journal and GDUFS School of Interpreting and Translation Studies. Except for the translation between English and Chinese, four other languages are added, including French, Russian, Spanish and Arabic. As a timely response to the national development strategy in the new era, the contest serves as a learning and communication platform for teachers, students and language employees to show their competence.
  
Reported by Wu Xiaoxia
Reviewed by Wang Yang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:649
TITLE:Several Cooperation Agreements Signed Between Beihang and Russian Universities
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2577.htm
TEXT:
Several Cooperation Agreements Signed Between Beihang and Russian Universities
                

                    Release time：September 25, 2017 / Mingzhu Li
                


Recently, Beihang University signed a university-level cooperation framework agreement and a letter of intent about the establishment of China-Russia Joint Laboratory for Aeronautic Science with Bauman Moscow State Technical University, a university-level cooperation agreement and a student exchange agreement with Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University, and renewed the student exchange agreement with Moscow Aviation Institute.
Founded in 1830, Bauman Moscow State Technical University, a National Research University of Russia, has cultivated more than 200,000 excellent engineers, including Sergei Korolev, the father of carrier rocket, Sukhoi, a famous airplane designer in the Soviet Union and so on, and given birth to Russia’s first helicopter, first aerodynamic wind tunnel, first diesel locomotive and first gas turbine locomotive. Teachers of Beihang and Bauman have already cooperated in several programs in automatic electromechanical control, mechanisms and techniques of composite vibration processing and cutting, navigation instruments and micro and small satellites.
Since the two universities signed the agreement of student exchange in 2014, 25 students have participated in the student exchange program and the short-term exchange program. According to the agreement and the letter of intent signed this time, the two sides will cooperate comprehensively in both teaching and scientific research and found the China-Russia Aeronautic Science Joint Laboratory. They will also hold international conferences, found international academic journals, publish academic papers and launch research projects together.

The main building of Bauman Moscow State Technical University
Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University was founded in 1899 and selected as a National Research University of Russia and a Project 5-100 member. Formerly named Leningrad Polytechnic Institute, it received a number of Chinese students in 1950s, and Academician Qixian Zhang, a founder of the robotics discipline in Beihang, was its alumnus. In the academic year from 2016 to 2017, 45 Beihang students joined the summer school held by it. Following the signed agreements, the two universities will pursue all-round cooperation in the teaching and research of preponderant disciplines such as energy and powering, and organize exchange programs during semesters as well as winter and summer vacations.

Beihang students at the summer school held by Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University
Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI) was founded in 1930, and is now a National Research University of Russia. It has cultivated 160,000 experts in aerospace, 250 chief designers, 100 test pilots and 21 astronauts, and its first professors were designers from the former Sukhoi, Tupolev, MiG and Yakovlev design bureaus. Since it signed the agreement of student exchange with Beihang in 2012, each side has sent 15 students to the other for the exchange program, and 60 MAI students have participated in short-term exchange programs like the summer school at Beihang. According to the renewed agreement, the exchange programs will continue on the basis of exchange of students, exemption of tuition fees and recognition of credits.

Moscow Aviation Institute
Written by Lingpei Wang
Edited by Qing Wang
Translated by Mingzhu Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:650
TITLE:Beihang Makes Breakthrough in Intelligent Drive Technology, Successfully Applied to China’s Recently Launched Fusion Test Satellite
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3147.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Makes Breakthrough in Intelligent Drive Technology, Successfully Applied to China’s Recently Launched Fusion Test Satellite
                

                    Release time：September 7, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


At 19:15 Beijing time on August 24, 2021, China successfully launched the Fusion Test Satellite 01/02 into the predetermined orbit with the Long March-2C carrier rocket / Expedition-1S Remote 2 upper stage at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, which was a complete success. In this launch mission, the in-orbit unlocking and unfolding of solar wings and antennas on the two satellites has for the first time used a batch of 36 intelligent actuators driven by shape memory alloys, which has carried out the in-orbit unfolding mission successfully and made good preparations for the large-scale adoption of non-fireworks drive technology for subsequent space missions.


The new intelligent drive was jointly developed by the General Department of China Academy of Space Technology and the School of Energy and Power Engineering of Beihang University. The Intelligent Propulsion Laboratory of the School, led by Professor Yan Xiaojun, has carried out nearly 20 years of research in the field of intelligent drive. So far, 69 sets of intelligent drives have been completed for flight verification, applied to 16 national major space missions such as BeiDou Navigation, thus promoting China’s space drive technology into the non-fireworks era.
The intelligent drive for this launch mission adopted a new drive principle and structural design. Compared with pyrotechnic devices, the intelligent drive has technical advantages such as low impact, reusable, zero emission pollution and good transportation safety, which is in line with the future development trend of space drive.


Reported by Yan Zehong
Reviewed by Yan Xiaojun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:651
TITLE:2020 Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Awards Winners Deliver Speeches on Teachers' Moral Responsibilities
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2142.htm
TEXT:
2020 Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Awards Winners Deliver Speeches on Teachers' Moral Responsibilities
                

                    Release time：November 10, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On the afternoon of Nov. 4, speeches on teachers' moral responsibilities were made by four teachers who won the 2020 Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Awards at the Chenxing Concert Hall, as part of an effort to strengthen teaching morality and publicize moral models for all teaching staff. The speakers included Su Donglin, Li Shangzhi, Wang Lei and Sa Rina.

In Su Donglin's speech, she talked about her understanding of teaching responsibilities from the perspectives of students’ characteristics, the values that teachers should instill into others, the method of guiding students and the right way to handle teacher-student relationship. She stressed that teachers should work diligently and conduct themselves honestly. She also mentioned that although science is boundless, scientists should always bear patriotism in mind.

Su Donglin made the speech
Li Shangzhi started his lecture with a mathematical poem. He took the poem as an example to show how he teaches students calculus by introducing life philosophies in his class. In his view, teachers are shouldered with the mission of igniting students’ passion towards learning. As students’ supervisor on both learning and living, he encouraged students to keep humble and stick to their goal until the last moment, and avoid “cheering for the joyfulness of success before the goal is truly achieved”.

Li Shangzhi talked on the stage
Wang Lei shared how he teaches students based on a student-oriented philosophy. In his speech, Wang Lei stressed that education should be rooted in love and it is important to make students feel a sense of caring and love during the teaching process. He also gave emphasis on the teaching research and new technologies, hoping that teachers can improve their teaching quality through relevant researches and make full use of advanced technologies to assist in teaching.

Wang Lei delivered the address
Sa Rina, instead, talked about her original aspiration as a teacher. She said that she was actually growing with students during the teaching process, in which she might run into difficulties and then successfully addressed those problems collaboratively with her students. As the teacher at a school directed by an international cooperation mechanism, she reformed the traditional way of French teaching by taking practical demands of science and engineering students into consideration, and explored a new model of French learning for students, which appeared effective in practice.

Sa Rina made the speech
The four speakers shared their ideas about student-cultivation on the basis of their teaching practice, inspiring all the other teachers to model themselves on excellent teachers with high moral standards and outstanding teaching abilities. Hundreds of teachers at Beihang listened to their speeches online or at the lecture hall.



Reported by Kong Lingyi and Gao Wenqi
Photographed by Di Bailu and Tian Wenhao
Reviewed by Zhang Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:652
TITLE:Dr. Li Wei's Latest Research Published in Nature Communications
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2208.htm
TEXT:
Dr. Li Wei's Latest Research Published in Nature Communications
                

                    Release time：March 4, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


On February 28, Nature Communications published an article titled “Kosterlitz-Thouless Melting of Magnetic Order in the Triangular Quantum Ising Material TmMgGaO4”, a joint effort by the Beihang research team at the key Laboratory of Micro-Nano Measurement-Manipulation and Physics including Dr. Li Wei, his doctoral student Li Han and others, as well as collaborators from Fudan University, the Institute of Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the University of Hong Kong.

The research reported the latest achievements in the quantum theory of triangular-lattice antiferromagnet. In the article, a protocol of employing many-body computation methodologies for accurate model calculations — of both equilibrium and dynamical properties — for a frustrated rare-earth magnet TmMgGaO4  (TMGO) was implemented. It was also shown that  a strange two-dimensional Kosterlitz-Thouless (KT) phase floated at intermediate temperatures. Previously, the KT phase transition has been observed in two-dimensional superfluids and superconductors, and this theoretical work for the first time predicted the material realization of the KT transition in 2D magnets.
Since 2015, the research group of Dr. Li Wei has long focused on the quantum many-body physics and tensor network approach, and applied it to the study of correlated matter and quantum materials with novel emerging properties. In addition, the researchers proposed the tensor renormalization group approach and made high-level original achievements, which were published in Physical Review X and Physical Review Letters. 
By using the tensor renormalization group approach, Li Han, the first author supervised by Dr. Li Wei, conducted large-scale calculations and accurately determined the model parameters of TMGO model according to the experimental measurements. The other first author is Liao Yuanda, a doctoral student from the Institute of Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, adopted the Monte Carlo method to carry out large-scale calculations. Professor Qi Yang from Fudan University, Associate Professor Meng Ziyang from the University of Hong Kong and Associate Professor Li Wei from Beihang University, as corresponding authors, conducted research on quantum field theory, self spectroscopy and thermodynamic properties. The three co-authors are Chen Binbin (a doctoral student supervised by Prof. Chen Ziyu), who assist in the work on tensor and Monte Carlo calculations, Assistant Professor Sheng Xianlei and his postgraduate student Zeng Xutao who carried out calculations and analysis of TMGO with the density functional method.
The work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China, Beihang Excellence Cultivation Program, Beihang Youth Talent Fund, etc.

More information of the article:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-14907-8
Webpages of the research group:
http://datastorage.buaa.edu.cn
https://wlibuaa.github.io/


Reported by Liu Rui
Reviewed by Li Guanghao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:653
TITLE:Delegation from Moscow Aviation Institute Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2372.htm
TEXT:
Delegation from Moscow Aviation Institute Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 19, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


A delegation from the Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI), led by Olga Pogosian, Head of International Department and Anna Katkina, Assistant to the Rector visited Beihang University on March 13th and 14th. Representatives from the International Division, the School of Energy and Power Engineering and the School of Aeronautic Science and Engineering attended the event.

At the meeting, the two sides fully exchanged views on details of the dual master’s degree program and student exchange program. They will further maintain close communication on topics like training programs, curriculum setup and tutor assignment, make joint efforts to improve the program quality, and actively promote the establishment of “International School of Aero-engine” in the next stage.
During their visit, the delegates met with students (enrolled in 2018) of the dual master’s degree program, and organized a video meeting for students to discuss their research directions of graduation dissertation with heads of relevant departments of MAI, laying a good foundation for the allocation of tutors when studying at MAI in the future. Also, a lecture on dual master’s degree program was delivered to undergraduates who were willing to consider participating in the program.

Reported by Wang Lingpei
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:654
TITLE:Party History Knowledge Contest for Female Teachers and Students Held at Beihang to Celebrate International Women’s Day
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/2962.htm
TEXT:
Party History Knowledge Contest for Female Teachers and Students Held at Beihang to Celebrate International Women’s Day
                

                    Release time：March 11, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


On March 7, female teachers and students of Beihang University celebrated the upcoming International Women's Day with a unique Party history knowledge contest. Among the participants were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, Director of Women Workers’ Committee Su Donglin, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee Cheng Bo, directors engaged in the Party’s work from some departments and schools, etc.


Four teams got through to the final with excellent performance after fierce competition, which drew bursts of applause from time to time. The activity not only showed Beihanger’s enthusiasm and determination in studying the Party's history, understanding its theories, undertaking practical work and making new advances, but also made exploration and demonstration for the upcoming campaign on Party history learning and education at Beihang University.



Cao Shumin pointed out that 2021 marks the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China, and holding the activity at this very moment was meaningful. Beihang has made “Party history learning and education” one of the major tasks in 2021 and has taken actions to welcome the Party's centenary in high spirit with outstanding achievements.

Cao also shared her thinking about learning the Party history, hoping that the students and teachers could put book knowledge into real practice, carry forward Beihang spirit and make greater contributions to realizing the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation on a new journey to fully build a modern socialist China.

In the end, the team members from Beihang School Hospital won the championship. The team composed of members from Flying College, BUAA Holdings Co., Ltd and Research Institute of Aero-Engine was honored the first prize. This year, a total of 68 teams participated in the knowledge contest, involving 136 female teachers and students and 68 male assists.


Reported by Zhang Fang and Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Li Zhuoyang
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:655
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Third Place at Aviahackathon 2019
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2347.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Third Place at Aviahackathon 2019
                

                    Release time：April 24, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                



The Eurasia team, which consisted of four Beihang students, one Indian student of MAI and three students of MIREA-Russian Technological University from Tajikistan, secured third place at the II Inter University Aviahackathon held at Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI) from April 5 to 7, 2019.
The four Beihang competitors, Zhang Jing, Bai Chenhong, Gao Afei and Tang Zhongfu, are students from the School of Energy and Power Engineering and participants of the Beihang-MAI Dual Master’s Degree Program.

Members of the Eurasia team (Beihang students：Bai Chenhong (3rd L), Zhang Jing (4th L), Tang Zhongfu (2nd R), and Gao Afei (3rd R))
The team chose the case “Remote Control of Space Station Units Based on Gestures” from Phygitalism, which is a task to capture and recognize gestures, transmit data and visualize the results through programming. After determining each member’s responsibility, the team achieved gesture recognition by repeated experiments with machine learning algorithms, enabled data transmission between different software platforms by real-time image processing, and developed a GUI interface to exhibit the results with MATLAB. Working day and night for two days, they succeeded in rapid and accurate recognition and reproduction of gesture input. Besides, they also added the function to control the output of scales with gestures, bringing much pleasure to the competition.
In the process, Beihang students had in-depth exchanges and collaborated with their international friends, completing the task smoothly and exhibiting good abilities to program and carry out international cooperation. Their achievement also serves as precious experience for the degree program to develop in the future.

Zhang Jing and Gao Afei discussing questions
The Inter University Aviahackathon is the largest-scale IT competition in the aviation industry of Russia. It gathers representatives from universities, aviation manufacturers and IT businesses to study the core IT problems faced by the aviation industry and propose innovative solutions to them. The Aviahackathon 2019 attracted 250 students in 29 groups from 16 famous Russian universities, such as Lomonosov Moscow State University and Bauman Moscow State Technical University.

Group discussion
(All the pictures come from the official website of MAI)

Reported by Wang Lingpei
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:656
TITLE:Beihang University Holds 2023 Alumni Homecoming Conference
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3621.htm
TEXT:
Beihang University Holds 2023 Alumni Homecoming Conference
                

                    Release time：October 31, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


On October 28th, the 2023 Alumni Homecoming Conference was held at Sunrise Concert Hall, with nearly 2000 alumni returning to campus to commemorate the 71st anniversary of the founding of Beihang University. Among attendees were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Zhao Changlu, President Wang Yunpeng, Deputy Party Secretary and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Liu Shuchun and Zhang Hailan, Vice Secretaries of the Party Committee Cheng Bo and Yang Lijun, and Vice President Zhao Weisheng.

The conference kicked off with the solemn national anthem.

In his speech, Wang Yunpeng extended a warm welcome to the alumni who returned to Beihang, as well as warm greetings and good wishes to the alumni at home and abroad. He expressed sincere gratitude to the people from all walks of life who are committed to the development of the university, and expressed sincere congratulations and high respect to the achievements of alumni in various industries. Wang Yunpeng used five "abilities", namely, the traction ability in disciplinary construction, the influence ability of talent cultivation, the innovation ability of scientific research, the competition ability of teaching staff, and the ability of attractive educational conditions, to review and summarize the achievements of Beihang’s development over the past year under the guidance of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.

“Every little helps a mickle.” Wang Yunpeng stated that the development and achievements of Beihang are inseparable from the unity and endeavors of all teachers and students, as well as the sincere care and full support of alumni. On the great journey towards a world-class university with Chinese characteristics, Beihang hopes to work with 250,000 alumni worldwide to build a development community that is inclusive, win-win, and empathetic.
Lu Wei, an alumnus of the School of Electronic Information Engineering who was enrolled in 1979, now chief expert of Wharton Power and consultant of Shipping China, shared his steadfast dream of serving the country through aviation, fondly recalled his college years at Beihang, and sent deep blessings to his alma mater. He said, "Many alumni have made outstanding contributions in the field of Aeronautics and Astronautics, which stems from the cultivation and education provided by Beihang. We are proud of Beihang and are proud to be a student of Beihang. Happy 71st birthday to Beihang!”

Shen Shiguang, an alumnus of the School of Materials Science and Engineering who was enrolled in 1989, and now Secretary of the Party Committee of the Institute 706, the Second Academy of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp., stated that Beihang has always been his beloved alma mater. During his study at Beihang, the guidance and assistance of his teachers have benefited him for his whole life. He sincerely wished that Beihang will make a significant progress in the construction of a world-class university with Chinese characteristics and provide strong support for China's aerospace development and the comprehensive construction of a modern socialist country.

Zhu Daming, an alumnus of the School of Energy and Power Engineering who was enrolled in 1999, and now the deputy director of the Hunan Power Machinery Research Institute of AECC, noted that the eleven years spent at Beihang was unforgettable and beautiful memories for him. He cherished the cultivation of Beihang and his mentor for many years after leaving school, and was also proud of the rapid development of Beihang in recent years. “It was Beihang that planted the seeds of acquiring both ability and moral integrity, and combining knowledge and practice in my heart, which will continue to grow with my future studies and work.” He expressed his sincere love for Beihang and wished it a brighter future.

At the conference, alumni representatives who were enrolled in 1989 presented flowers to representatives of senior teachers, expressing gratitude for their alma mater and the hard work of their mentors.


After the Alumni Homecoming Conference, alumni took photos together on campus to mark the occasion.






Written by: Wang Qing
Photos by: Di Bailu
Reviewed by: Li Jianwei
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:657
TITLE:“Online Teaching” Lecture Series Takes Place
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2190.htm
TEXT:
“Online Teaching” Lecture Series Takes Place
                

                    Release time：May 15, 2020 / Feng Yueyue
                


Recently, the “Online Teaching” Lecture Series was organized by the Centre for Development of Teaching and Learning, Office of Academic Affairs, with the aim of promoting exchanges and discussion between teachers and improving the quality of online teaching under the guidance of excellent teachers.
The lecture series is accessible to teachers from Beihang University, other universities affiliated to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, as well as universities and colleges in Beijing.
Prof. Hu Xiaoguang gave the first lecture with the theme of “Collaborative Innovation to Improve Online Teaching Design and Effect” on April 23. The lecture, with an audience of 148 teachers from different universities, centered on how to ensure normal operation of online teaching and learning, strengthen team collaboration and improve interaction between teachers and students during the online teaching period.

On April 24, the second lecture entitled “Design and Practice of the Blended Learning Mode Combining Online and Offline Approaches with In-class and Extracurricular Learning” was brought by Prof. Guo Weidong. A total of 111 teachers were involved in in-depth discussion and exchanges about curriculum construction and teaching practice based on Internet and mobile communications technologies as well as design and application of the blended learning mode.

The “Online Teaching” Lecture Series is intended not only to summarize excellent teaching experience and enhance teaching capability of Beihang teachers, but to share their advanced teaching philosophy and outstanding teaching achievements, thus expanding Beihang’s influence in teaching development.


Reported by Di Linzi
Reviewed by Cao Qinghua
Edited by Di Bailu
Translated by Feng Yueyue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:658
TITLE:​Beihang Signs Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Zhongguancun Development Group to Jointly Build Future Industry Science Park
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3533.htm
TEXT:
​Beihang Signs Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Zhongguancun Development Group to Jointly Build Future Industry Science Park
                

                    Release time：May 31, 2023 / Hu Xueyang
                


On the afternoon of May 27, at the opening ceremony of the 2023 Zhongguancun (ZGC) Forum —ZGC International Technology Trade Conference and the Global Technology Trade Eco-Partnership Conference, Beihang University signed an strategic cooperation agreement with ZGC Development Group to forge an innovative university-enterprise partnership and jointly build a future industry science park.

Zhao Changlu, Party Secretary of Beihang University, Zhao Changshan, Party Secretary and Chairman of ZGC Development Group, Lyu Weifeng, Vice President of Beihang University, and Zhang Jinhui, Vice General Manager of ZGC Development Group attended the signing ceremony. 
It is known that Beihang University is approved as one of the ten pilot projects for the construction of future industry science parks by the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Education, and ZGC Development Group is a leading market platform for resource integration to facilitate the construction of ZGC National Independent Innovation Demonstration Zone. Both sides will conduct in-depth collaborations in constructing a service platform for the transformation of scientific and technological achievements, fostering achievements with the characteristics of future industries, building a future industry science park, establishing a fund for the transformation of achievements in future industries, and cultivating top-notch innovative and entrepreneurial talents. They will strive to enhance their specialized competence in the transformation and incubation of scientific and technological achievements, and make continuous efforts to improve the ecology of innovation and entrepreneurship, so as to create the highland of future industrial innovation and incubation and seize the high ground of future development.
The vigorous cooperation between ZGC Group and Beihang University will further promote the institutional mechanism reform of the transformation of scientific and technological achievements of universities, enhance the level of transformation and industrialization of scientific and technological achievements, and play an exemplary role for the new university-enterprise cooperation relationship. It will also upgrade the development of the national university science park in the new era, and provide a boost for ZGC’s construction of the world’s leading science and technology park as well as the global transformation of scientific and technological achievements and technology transfer.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Hu Xueyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:659
TITLE:Fifth Workshop on Big Data and Computational Intelligence Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2461.htm
TEXT:
Fifth Workshop on Big Data and Computational Intelligence Held
                

                    Release time：September 29, 2018 / Li Siying
                


Hosted by the Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data and Brain Computing (BDBC) of Beihang University, the fifth Workshop on Big Data and Computational Intelligence was held in the Xijiao Hotel Beijing from September 22 to September 23. The workshop invited prominent figures in the concerned field, including top scholars as well as experts from JD.com, Alibaba Group, Baidu, Lenovo, and so on. They delivered keynote speeches and discussed about the latest development in big data and artificial intelligence. Over 200 representatives attended the meeting, coming from the Center for BDBC, the 973 Project team of Big Data Computing Theory, the relative businesses and domestic universities.

After Academician Huai Jinpeng, director of the Center for BDBC announced the opening of the workshop on the first morning, four leading figures in this field delivered their speeches concerning hot spots such as data modeling, future retail, smart supply chain, network of deep learning and so on, and communicated with the audience during the speech. The speakers included Academician Zheng Zhiming, chief scientist of the Center for BDBC; Professor Zhu Wenwu, deputy director of the Computer Science Department of Tsinghua University; Professor Pei Jian, Vice President of JD.com; and Huan Jun, director of Baidu Big Data Lab. Professor Liu Xudong from the Center for BDBC presided over the meeting.

On the afternoon of September 22, speeches were given respectively on academic big data (by Professor Chen Guihai from Shanghai Jiao Tong University), distributed computing (by Professor Xu Jie from Beihang University), industrial big data (by Professor Yu Chentao from Lenovo), and the city brain (by Doctor Wang Jian from Alibaba Group). Professor Ma Shuai presided over the speeches and discussion.

On the morning of September 23, speeches were given respectively on knowledge engineering with big data (by Professor Wu Xindong), big data software (by Professor Wang Jianmin from Tsinghua University ), vision big data of knowledge engine (by Professor Li Juanzi from Tsinghua University), and knowledge graph (by Researcher Hao Ran from the National Laboratory of Pattern Recognition (NLPR) ). Associate Professor Hu Chunming presided over the speeches and discussion.
The Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Big Data and Brain Computing (BDBC) of Beihang University has held five workshops since founded. Targeting at meeting the national strategic demands, the two-day event invites world-class speakers to introduce and share the recent achievements in big data science, computational intelligence and their applications.
 
Reported by Dong Xianhui
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:660
TITLE:Cooperation Agreement between Beihang University and National Art Museum of China Signed to Foster Aesthetic Education
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3073.htm
TEXT:
Cooperation Agreement between Beihang University and National Art Museum of China Signed to Foster Aesthetic Education
                

                    Release time：May 7, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


On the morning of April 28, a signing ceremony of the cooperation agreement between Beihang University and National Art Museum of China for the establishment of an aesthetic education base was held at Ruxin Conference Center.

Among the participants were Wu Weishan, member of Standing Committee of CPPCC National Committee and Curator of National Art Museum of China, Zhang Baicheng, Deputy Secretary of Party Committee and Secretary of Discipline Inspection Commission of National Art Museum of China, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University and Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University. The ceremony was hosted by Huang Haijun.
On behalf of Beihang University, Cao Shumin extended sincere welcome to Wu Weishan and his delegation. She introduced Beihang’s developments in talent training, discipline construction and scientific research over the years, and noted that Behang attaches great importance to aesthetic education, as aesthetic education not only helps to cultivate comprehensive talents, but also encourages students to have broader mindsets. She pointed out that National Art Museum of China is the highest hall in the country's fine arts circle, which has great contribution to strengthening China's cultural confidence. As technology and art exert great influence on each other, Cao hoped that the cooperation between Beihang University and National Art Museum of China could bring about new opportunities for talent cultivation, so as to better serve our country.

Wu Weishan spoke highly of Beihang's outstanding achievements in various fields in recent years. He noted that the 110,000 pieces of art collected in National Art Museum of China should not be kept away from the public, instead, they should be displayed in universities where they can guide students to appreciate beautiful art forms in life. Wu pointed out that art and technology are inseparable, and it is the responsibility of National Art Museum of China to cooperate with various schools and colleges to make joint efforts in talent cultivation. He hoped that the cooperation between the two sides could be a meaningful trial in aesthetic education and talent cultivation.

Zhang Baicheng and Huang Haijun signed the contract on behalf of the two parties respectively. A number of other participants, including Wu Weishan, Li Meina, Yu Ge, Pang Guixin fromNational Art Museum of China, and Cao Shumin, Li Jianwei, Cao Qinghua and Shen Xukun from Beihang University, witnessed the singing.

Wu Weishan and Cao Shumin jointly inaugurated the aesthetic education base.

The cooperation between Beihang University and National Art Museum of China aims at fostering the principle of aesthetic education and promoting students’ cultural confidence. 


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:661
TITLE:Online Conference Held for Arranging 2020 Spring Semester Schedule
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2210.htm
TEXT:
Online Conference Held for Arranging 2020 Spring Semester Schedule
                

                    Release time：February 21, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


On the afternoon of Feb.19, an online conference was held to arrange schedules for the coming 2020 spring semester. The meeting was hosted by Vice President Huang Haijun and was attended by representatives from the Office of Undergraduate Academic Affairs and Graduate School of Beihang as well as vice deans of different schools.
Huang Haijun noted that there are only four days left before the start of the new semester. Given that online education will present students with an unprecedented experience, all the staff should be fully prepared to respond to the challenge.
Huang clearly arranged the teaching schedule for the new semester, urging all the teachers to diligently settle the preliminary work to guarantee the smooth progress of online courses starting from Feb. 24, in accordance with the teaching schema specified by the university or their schools.
Cao Qinghua, Director of the Office of Undergraduate Academic Affairs, stated that all the teachers, teaching assistants, counselors and students must get in contacts and each lecturer is required to give a testing class online before Feb. 23. He suggested teachers and students make good use of online platforms and WeChat groups for teaching and communications. It is emphasized that every detail should be covered and no students shall be lagged behind.
 
 
Reported by Ma Ling
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Cao Qinghua
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:662
TITLE:Professor Li Li from School of Software Awarded MSR Ric Holt Early Career Achievement Award 2023
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3529.htm
TEXT:
Professor Li Li from School of Software Awarded MSR Ric Holt Early Career Achievement Award 2023
                

                    Release time：May 30, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


On May 15 and 16, the 20th International Conference on Mining Software Repository (MSR) was held in Melbourne, Australia. During the conference, the 2023 MSR Ric Holt Early Career Achievement Award was announced, and Beihang Professor Li Li from the School of Software was the only recipient of the award.

Professor Li is also the first Chinese mainland scholar to receive this honor. At the conference, he delivered an invited speech titled “MSR for Mobile: Reflections and Future Opportunities”.
Professor Li has been deeply involved in software engineering research for many years. He has been named one of the top three most influential young software engineering researchers in the world and won the Discovery Early Career Researcher Award (DECRA) in 2020. He has made groundbreaking contributions to mobile software engineering and intelligent software engineering, with some of his work being implemented by tech companies such as Huawei.
The conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR) is a well-known international conference in the field of software repository mining, which is co-organized with the prestigious International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE) every year. MSR has been classified as an A-class international conference by the Australian CORE organization. Every year, the MSR awards one recipient for the Ric Holt Early Career Achievement Award, named after the renowned computer scientist Dr. Ric Holt, to recognize outstanding research by young researchers that has a strong and lasting impact in the field of software repository mining.


Reported by Yang Yilong
Reviewed by Lei Xiaofeng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:663
TITLE:Beihang Robot Team Wins Runner-up at RoboCup Asia-Pacific Tianjin Invitational Tournament 2023
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3525.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Robot Team Wins Runner-up at RoboCup Asia-Pacific Tianjin Invitational Tournament 2023
                

                    Release time：May 24, 2023 / Yao Zipeng
                


On May 20, as one of the important events of the 7th World Intelligence Congress, the RoboCup Asia-Pacific Tianjin Invitational Tournament 2023 (RCAP-TJI2023) opened at the National Convention and Exhibition Center (Tianjin). The tournament was hosted by the Tianjin Municipal People's Government, the International Council of RCAP, and other organizations. This year's competition was held completely offline, with participants and experts from ten countries and regions including Portugal, Egypt, Iran, Australia, Japan, Singapore, India, Thailand, China, and Hong Kong gathering in Tianjin, and more than 200 teams and nearly 800 people competing together. The competition consists of six major events and one forum, covering RoboCupSoccer Humanoid League, RoboCupSoccer Standard Platform League, RoboCupSoccer Middle Size League, RCAP CoSpace event, drone event, and the RoboCup Junior China Qualifier. Beihang Robot Team won runner-up in the RoboCup Soccer Humanoid League.

In the preparation stage, the team members worked together to compete with other teams' robots on the football field by integrating mechanical, electronic, control, computer science, and other technical knowledge and constantly iterating control algorithms. Through constant efforts such as debugging, acceptance, and further debugging, Beihang Robot Team achieved the runner-up title with outstanding technical expertise and excellent teamwork.

The Robot World Cup, organized by the RoboCup International Federation, is one of the high-level, large-scale, and influential robot competitions in the world. This competition is not only a sports event of robot football, but also an important platform for scientific and technological innovation and communication. In March 2021, Beihang Robot Team was invited to represent Beihang University for the first time in the RoboCup China Open, where they advanced to the semifinals. They also made it to the top four in the competition in 2022. The humanoid biped robot independently developed by the team members has a high degree of automation. It can perform actions such as autonomous recognition, kicking, standing up, and falling and rising. The robot has won awards including the first prize in the main track of the 2022 Beihang Fengru Cup, and the second prize in the Beijing division of the 2022 "Internet+" Competition. Beihang Robot Team will continue to work hard in the Robot World Cup, supporting and sharing technologies with the participating group of the ROBOCON (also known as the trial for the Asia Pacific Robot Competition for College Students), so as to improve their overall strength. On the basis of maintaining "the first phalanx" in China, Beihang Robot Team will continue to advance on the international stage, demonstrating the competitive strength of Beihang students and contributing to the improvement of talent training quality.


Reported by Qi Jianli and Bai Zitong
Reviewed by Zhang Zhigang
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Yao Zipeng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:664
TITLE:Signing Ceremony for Strategic Cooperation between Beihang and Huawei Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2151.htm
TEXT:
Signing Ceremony for Strategic Cooperation between Beihang and Huawei Held
                

                    Release time：October 16, 2020 / Wen Peiyu
                


On October 10, a delegation led by Xu Wenwei, Director of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Huawei”) and Dean of Huawei Institute of Strategic Studies, visited Beihang University, during which a strategic cooperation agreement between Beihang and Huawei was signed, promoting the cooperation between the two sides to a new level. The signing ceremony was hosted by Zhao Gang, Deputy Party Secretary of Beihang University. The technical exchange symposium was held at the same time.

Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, extended a warm welcome to Xu Wenwei and his delegation on behalf of the university. She said that in recent years, Beihang University has always served the major strategic needs of the country, and established the discipline construction policies featuring “top engineering, first-class science, excellent liberal arts, and superior medical workers”. Such policies have supported the strategy of strengthening the country by developing Aeronautics and Space industry, and have led the reforms of information technology. As Cao has pointed out, Huawei always attaches great importance to the development of higher education. With a long-term layout in strategic planning and international cooperation, the company has played a leading role in cutting-edge research and university-enterprise cooperation.

Cao also noted that the close cooperation between Beihang and Huawei has laid a solid foundation for this strategic cooperation agreement. It is hoped that both parties will take this signing as an opportunity to focus on major national fields and directions, carry out efficient and in-depth cooperation in interdisciplinary and scientific frontier fields, create a new situation of personnel training and university-enterprise cooperation, solve a number of key technical problems such as information technology, and make joint contributions to build a country advanced in science and technology.
Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, introduced the career development of Beihang University in recent years from its history, discipline layout, personnel training and scientific research.
In his address, Xu Wenwei said he was pleased to sign such a strategic cooperation agreement with Beihang. He noted that with a significant advantage in the field of aerospace and information disciplines, Beihang focuses on teamwork and pursues excellence. Sharing a similar cultural foundation, Huawei and Beihang have always had a good foundation for cooperation in the field of scientific research. It is hoped that Huawei could further establish a close and in-depth strategic cooperative relationship with Beihang. The two sides will promote cooperation in software engineering, reliability technology, systems engineering and other cutting-edge technology fields.

According to Xu, everyone should be self-reliant and strive for the best, make greater breakthroughs in basic scientific research and interdisciplinary research, and work together to create scientific and technological achievements that not only truly represent China but also can be placed among the world’s top.
Subsequently, Tao Zhi, Vice President of Beihang University, and Ai Chao, Vice President of Global Technical Cooperation of Huawei, signed a strategic cooperation agreement on behalf of both sides. The ceremony was witnessed by Xu Wenwei, Director of Huawei, Chang Sheng, Dean of Huawei Beijing Research Institute, Yin Jianchun and Xu Linlin, Ministers of Huawei Beijing Research Institute, Cao Shumin, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Zhao Gang, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, Academician Zheng Zhiming, and Assistant President Wang Rongqiao.

In the afternoon, a technical exchange symposium between Beihang and Huawei was also held, during which the two sides conducted in-depth exchanges on further the cooperation in science and technology. The symposium was hosted by Wang Rongqiao.

At the symposium, the two sides shared the latest research fruits in the future technical cooperation, integrated circuits, radio frequency, intelligent computing and other frontier fields, and also exchanged ideas on cooperation fields of mutual interest as well as frontier science and technology hotspots. Relevant officials and experts attended the symposium.



During their visit, Xu Wenwei and his delegation also toured Beijing Air and Space Museum at Beihang University, State Key Laboratory of Virtual Reality Technology and System, Microwave Engineering Laboratory, Micro-Nano Electronics Center and other related key laboratories.

Founded in 1987, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. is the world's leading provider of ICT (Information and Communication Technology) infrastructure and smart terminals. It is committed to bringing the digital world to every person, every family, and every organization, and building an intelligent world of interconnected things. Huawei adheres to open technological innovation, attaches importance to ICT talent training, and builds a solid foundation for the accelerated development of the digital and intelligent world. Currently, with 194,000 employees, Huawei operates in more than 170 countries and regions, serving more than 3 billion people.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu and Liu Yaoze
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:665
TITLE:Science Center for Gas Turbine Unveiled at Beihang University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2490.htm
TEXT:
Science Center for Gas Turbine Unveiled at Beihang University
                

                    Release time：August 2, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On July 30th, the unveiling ceremony of Science Center for Gas Turbine was officially held at Beihang University. Among the attendees at the ceremony were Xin Guobin, Deputy Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), Du Zhanyuan, Deputy Minister of Education, Li Fangyong, General Manager of Aero Engine Corporation of China (AECC), Ai Tingyuan, Director of the Fourth System Engineering Division of the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense (SASTIND), Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, Beihang President Xu Huibin, and Beihang Vice Presidents Tao Zhi and Fang Jiancheng. Yang Shuanchang, Deputy Director of the Equipment Department of MIIT, presided over the ceremony.


At the ceremony, Xin Guobin, Du Zhanyuan, Li Fangyong, Cao Shumin, Xu Huibin and Ai Tingyuan jointly unveiled the plaque for the Center. Besides, Xin Guobin, Du Zhanyuan, Li Fangyong, Cao Shumin and Ai Tingyuan issued the letter of appointment for the director and deputy directors of the Center respectively.


Xin Guobin and Du Zhanyuan delivered their speeches respectively. They both noted the significant importance of the research on aircraft engines and gas turbines, and expressed their expectations for the mission of the Center.




Xu Huibin, as Director of the Science Center for Gas Turbine, also delivered his remarks. He pointed out five key tasks of the Center in the next six years, including carrying out frontier exploration and research, cultivating high-end talents, building basic scientific facilities, expanding international cooperation and exchanges and innovating management and operation mechanism. He said the Center would meet the strategic needs of the country and the overall layout of the special leading group, and continually promote the fundamental research of aero-engines and gas turbines, striking to make breakthrough progress in supporting China's independent innovation and development in this core field.


It is known that the Science Center for Gas Turbine, based at Beihang University and jointly established by Tsinghua University, Institute of Engineering Thermophysics of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Air Force Engineering University, Aero-Engine Studies Institute of China, etc., will carry out frontier research on aircraft engines and gas turbines under the model of coordinative innovation.
  
Reported by Tao Yong
Photographed by Shi Yue and Song Chao
Edited by Shi Yue and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:666
TITLE:Beihang Students Win Prizes in ICPC and CCPC
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3407.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Students Win Prizes in ICPC and CCPC
                

                    Release time：November 24, 2022 / Song Ziyun
                


On November 20, 2022, the 47th International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) Asian Regional Tournament (Hefei), and the 2022 China Collegiate Programming Contest (CCPC) (Mianyang) were held online for epidemic control and prevention purposes. Seven teams including 21 students from Beihang University registered for the competition, with Song You from the School of Software as the head coach, Liu Ziyuan, Zhong Zihao, and Min Jiaxu as assistant coaches.
In the ICPC, Beihang University sent four teams to participate and achieved one gold and three silver medals. Among them, the team composed of Yang Zhenwei (School of Software), Jin Liankai (School of Computer Science and Engineering) and Tang Yibang (School of Computer Science and Engineering) won the gold medal; the other three teams won the silver medal, including Feng Weiqi (School of Computer Science and Engineering), Liao Jitong (School of Computer Science and Engineering), Mou Yu (School of Computer Science and Engineering), Zhang Shurui (School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation), Luo Haotian (Chuanyuan College), Gao Xiangyi (School of Astronautics). Lyu Chengxin (Shenyuan Honors College), Wei Ruohao (School of Instrumentation and Optoelectronic Engineering), and Han Yi (College of Software).

Four teams from Beihang University participated in the ICPC competition
In the CCPC, three teams from Beihang University participated in the competition and achieved one gold and two silvers. Among them, the team consisting of Min Jiaxu (Shenyuan Honors College), Cui Shaoke (School of Software) and Zhang yifan (School of Computer Science and Engineering) won the gold medal. The other two teams won the silver medal, including Pan Tianwei (School of Computer Science and Engineering), Liu Jiarui (School of Cyber Science and Technology), Hao Zeyu (School of Software), Fu Keshu (School of Computer Science and Engineering), Liang Junzhu (Shenyuan Honors College), and Ma Yi (School of Physics).

Three teams from Beihang University participated in the CCPC competition
The ICPC Regional Competition (Hefei) is the third regional competition this year, with 502 teams from 266 universities competing together. The CCPC competition (Mianyang) is the fourth regional competition this year, with 237 teams from 152 universities including Tsinghua University, Peking University, Zhejiang University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Beihang University competing together.
The International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) is recognized as the world’s largest and highest-level international collegiate programming contest with the largest number of participants, and its purpose is to enable college students to fully demonstrate their ability to analyze and solve problems through computers. It is known as the “Olympic” competition in the IT industry. The competition is held annually, and this year is the 47th. Seven regional competitions will be held in Shenyang, Xi’an, Hefei, Jinan, Hangzhou, Nanjing, and Hong Kong in the 2022-2023 season, and the East Continent League Final will be held in Shanghai after the regional competitions.
The China Collegiate Programming Contest (CCPC), an international annual event organized by the China Collegiate Programming Contest Association for the world’s college students, aims to stimulate students’ interest in learning algorithms and programming, improve algorithm design, logical reasoning, mathematical modeling, programming implementation, and English reading skills, and motivate students to use computer programming techniques and skills to solve practical problems and cultivate teamwork spirit. The competition has been held annually since 2015, and this year is the 8th. In 2022, CCPC held four sub-contests in Guilin, Weihai, Guangzhou, and Mianyang respectively and also one final contest.
The Beihang ACM-ICPC Programming Competition is led by the Office of Academic Affairs and organized by the School of Software. The participating students are undergraduate and graduate students from all schools and colleges of the university. The Beihang ACM Training Base was established in 2005, and it organizes the Beihang ACM-ICPC School Competition and Selection Tournament from November to December every year to promote the competition within the university and to select the ACM-ICPC team members. At the end of the competition, about 40 students will be selected from all over the university to form a number of three-person teams, which will be trained intensively in spring and summer. After that, they will start to participate in the online and on-site competitions of the ICPC East Continent League and of the CCPC from September.


Reported by Qu Yue
Reviewed by Lei Xiaofeng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Song Ziyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:667
TITLE:Prof. Liu Hong Wins National Labor Metal for Women
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2380.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Liu Hong Wins National Labor Metal for Women
                

                    Release time：March 4, 2019 / Lu Baihui
                


On Feb. 26th, the National Advanced Collective & Individual Commendation Congress for Female Workers was held in Beijing. A total of ten people won the award of National Labor Metal for Women, including Liu Hong, Professor of School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, who is a chief scientist and chief designer of Lunar Palace 1. Prof. Liu was invited to be the keynote speaker in the Great Hall of the People.

On May 15th, 2018, the Lunar Palace 365 Experiment which lasted for 370 days achieved complete success as four volunteers walked out of the lab at Beihang University, setting a new world record as the longest bioregenerative life support system experiment with highest degree of closure. The experiment is of great significance to the long-term survival of human beings on the moon or other extraterrestrial bodies. The experiment began on May10th, 2017 and realizes the long-term stable circulation of the human-animal-plant-microorganism ecosystem with high closure degree and biological diversity, while maintaining the physical and mental health of human beings. In this experiment, eight volunteers were divided into two groups and three shifts: Group 1 was on duty for the first shift of 60 days; Group 2 then stayed in the lab for 200 days, which has broken the previous world record of 180 days in a similar closed ecosystem set by Russia in the early 1970s; Group 1 at last was on the duty for the third shift of 110 days.

In order to thoroughly study and implement General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important expositions on the collective conversation with the members of the new leadership of the Communist Party and the spirit of the 17th National Congress of All-China Federation of Trade Unions, further carry forward the spirit of model workers, labor and craftsmanship, give full play to the exemplary and leading effect of advanced female workers, and constantly enhance the sense of pride and mission, the All-China Federation of Trade Unions will honor a group of advanced female workers and individuals who have made outstanding contributions to the country's economic construction and social development on the eve of International Working Women's Day in 2019.

Reported by Wang Qing
Reviewed by Yu Min
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:668
TITLE:First UN Job Fair Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2258.htm
TEXT:
First UN Job Fair Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 31, 2019 / Li Mingzhu
                


The first UN Job Fair took place at the Conference Center of New Main Building of Beihang University on the afternoon of October 26.
A visit was paid for the event by Guo Yishuang, the managing director of the human resources (HR) department of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) in North Asia, Kamran Zaidi, the HR head of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA), Véronique Benoit-Gex, HR Officer at International Telecommunication Union (ITU), and relevant staff from China Scholarship Council (CSC). Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, met the guests at the Conference Center of New Main Building, together with relevant members of International Division and the Office of Admission and Career Development.

During the meeting, Vice President Huang gave a brief introduction to the guests concerning the teaching, research and internationalization of Beihang University. He expressed willingness to strengthen the exchanges with international organizations like IATA, ITU and UNRWA and to cooperate with the organizations by providing them with outstanding talents, cultivating talents and conducting research together, etc. The two sides also discussed issues such as selection of excellent teachers and students for a career or internship at international organizations, research collaboration and so on.
The first UN Job Fair commenced after the meeting, attracting over 270 students from 15 Chinese universities including Beihang University, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Central University of Finance and Economics, China Foreign Affairs University, Harbin Institute of Technology and so on. It was chaired by Lyu Ying, Deputy Director of International Division.
At the fair, representatives of IATA, ITU and UNRWA introduced the general information, internship programs and recruitment procedures of the organizations, encouraging the students to pursue an internship and a career at international organizations by referring to their own working experience. They won waves of applause from the students for their systematic and humorous explanation. After their presentations, they provided detailed answers to the students’ questions patiently, and the event ended in a lively atmosphere.


The first UN Job Fair was held by CSC in China from October 26 to 29. It invited 25 international organizations to deliver presentations and provide consultancy at Beihang University, Tsinghua University, Peking University, Renmin University of China and other universities, serving as a platform for young Chinese students to communicate face-to-face with international organizations.


Reported by Gao Yuan and Fan Hang
Photographed by Qian Siyuan and Liang Jiawei
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:669
TITLE:Classicality and Romance: Vienna Symphony Virtuosi Performs at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2423.htm
TEXT:
Classicality and Romance: Vienna Symphony Virtuosi Performs at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall
                

                    Release time：November 23, 2018 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Flutist Rudolf Gindlhumer, pianist Karl Eichinger and oboist Claudia Kefer-Gindlhumer — together known as the Vienna Symphony Virtuosi — gave a “concert of extra class” at the Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall on the evening of November 20. With close coordination and skillful performance, they provided a feast for the ears of music lovers.

 
Accompanied by the mellow, bright and powerful sound of the piano, the concert kicked off with Haydn’s “Piano Sonata C- Major”. Following that, the three performers respectively played several classics like “3 Romances” by Schumann, “Carmen Fantasie Brillante” by Francois Borne and “Vergnügungszug” by Johann Strauss. Their instrumental ensemble “Trio for Flute, Oboe and Piano” brought the whole concert to the climax. The audience and the performers communicated their hearts through the vibration of the air in a harmonious state, forming a fantastic resonance. Their extraordinary skills and performances won rapturous applause from the audience after the show.






Established 35 years ago, the Vienna Symphony Virtuosi has held a number of chamber music concerts in various venues. With the aim of highlighting Vienna music and its unique timbre, this outstanding chamber music ensemble not only performs baroque and classical music, but also is very active in performing contemporary works including jazz inspired music and pure jazz. Beisides, they are very active internationally, and have made concert tours to nearly all European countries, USA, China, South Africa, Canada and many others. They have also played concerts at a lot of festivals including Bregenz Festival, Carinthischer Sommer Festival, Linzer Brucknerfest, Viennafest, Haydn festival Eisenstadt, etc.
  
Reported by Song Chao
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:670
TITLE:Beihang 2019 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2312.htm
TEXT:
Beihang 2019 Undergraduate Commencement Ceremony
                

                    Release time：June 17, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


On the morning of June 15th, the 2019 Beihang University Graduation and Commencement Ceremony for Undergraduates was grandly held at Beihang Gymnasium. Attending the ceremony were Beihang Party Committee Secretary Cao Shumin, President Xu Huibin, Deputy Party Secretary and Discipline Inspection Commission Secretary He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Huang Haijun, Wang Yunpeng and Zhang Guang, Deputy Party Secretary Zhao Gang, teacher representative Prof. Wang Huiwen, alumni representative Zhu Kun, academic degree evaluation committee members, invited professor representatives, leaders from various schools and departments, as well as over 3,000 undergraduates from 27 schools. Vice President Huang Haijun presided over the commencement ceremony.

At the ceremony 
The four years of precious college experiences gradually unfolded before the graduates’ eyes as the memories were pieced together by the opening video Young Dream Chasers (in Chinese: Qing Chun Zhui Meng Ren).
The graduation ceremony formally kicked off with the solemn national anthem.

The ceremony of raising national flag and playing national anthem 

At the ceremony 
The graduation ceremony also witnessed the honorary awarding ceremony for Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing announced by Cao Shumin, Undergraduate Defense Employment Scholarship, Excellent National Defense Graduates and Excellent Dual Enrollment Student Pilots announced by He Xinzhou and Tao Zhi, respectively.

Cao Shumin announced the list of Outstanding Graduates of Universities in Beijing 

Huang Haijun presided over the ceremony; He Xinzhou and Tao Zhi announced winners for Undergraduate Defense Employment Scholarship, Excellent National Defense Graduates and Excellent Dual Enrollment Student Pilots, respectively 

Award-winning representatives received the honors on stage
In his address to the graduating students, President Xu Huibin expressed congratulations to the graduates and affirmed students’ outstanding performance and achievements in various fields. He encouraged all graduates to take Beihang Spirit as the driving force to achieve a better life in their future career. “I hope that you will take up the baton and continue to advance with the times, carry forward the aerospace spirit to serve the country, and integrate your personal development with national rejuvenation.”

President Xu Huibin delivered his address to the graduating students
Xu huibin put forward his earnest expectation for the graduates, hoping that the students could always be patriotic wherever and whenever, be down-to-earth and approach everything in a serious manner, and be relentless in pursuit of their dreams. His brilliant lecture won prolonged applause from the graduates.

Students listened to the last lecture from President Xu before graduation 
Following President Xu’s address, representative of 2019 graduates Hu Shuzhan reviewed his four-year study and research life in Beihang and expressed his gratitude for his teachers and Alma Mater. Teacher representative Prof. Wang Huiwen encouraged the graduates to live up to the new era and be able to face the challenges of the future, and unceasingly improve their ability and overall quality to adapt to the development of the times and career requirements. Alumni representative Zhu Kun recalled his college years and growth experience, and encouraged students to stick to their dreams and ideas, bravely go ahead and live a purposeful life.

Hu Zhanshu, Wang Huiwen and Zhu Kun delivered speeches as graduate, teacher and Alumni representatives, respectively 
At the ceremony, graduate representatives from each school presented flowers to teacher representatives, and all graduates stood up and expressed their gratitude to the teachers with warm applause.

Representatives of 2019 graduates from each school presented flowers to teacher representatives
The ceremony ended with all graduates singing Song of Motherland (in Chinese: Ge Chang Zu Guo) to express their deep affection and strong determination to forge ahead with the great motherland.

All graduates sang Song of Motherland
In the following degree-awarding ceremony, university leaders and academic degree evaluation committee members plucked the tassel from the honorary hoods and awarded degrees and certificates to the new graduates. With the best wishes and blessings from Beihang teachers and students, the graduates will start a brand-new chapter in their life.




Degree-awarding ceremony





Graduates took photos with their parents and classmates

Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Tian Wenhao, Yin Jiangxushan, Di Bailu, Zhou Xiaowu, Han Siyu, Guo Zhongyao
Reviewed by Tan Hualin
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:671
TITLE:Prof. Wang Yunhong Elected as IAPR Fellow
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2475.htm
TEXT:
Prof. Wang Yunhong Elected as IAPR Fellow
                

                    Release time：September 7, 2018 / Li Siying
                


In honor of her contributions to the fields of biometrics, computer vision and pattern recognition, Professor Wang Yunhong from the School of Computer Science and Engineering was elected as fellow of the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR Fellow) on the 24th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR 2018), which was held in Beijing from August 21 to August 24. She was issued with the certificate by Simone Marinai, President of the IAPR.
The International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR) is an international association of non-profit, scientific or professional organizations concerned with pattern recognition, computer vision, and image processing in a broad sense. The prestigious IAPR Fellow Award was introduced in 1994 and since then is biennially conferred on persons to acknowledge their outstanding contributions to the field of pattern recognition and to IAPR activities. According to the Bylaws of IAPR, the number of fellows elected every two years must not exceed 0.25% of the total IAPR membership. In the year of 2018, 20 people received the award for their academic contributions.


Wang Yunhong, Professor and Doctoral Supervisor of Beihang University, has long conducted her research on pattern recognition and computer vision, publishing over 200 papers in major domestic and international journals and conferences. She works currently as the director of the Special Committee of Intelligent Interaction of the Chinese Association for Artificial Intelligence, council member of China Computer Federation, executive director of China Society of Image and Graphics, and editorial board member of IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security. She is also a winner of the 13th China Youth Science and Technology Award and a second prize of the State Technological Invention Award.
 
Reported by Zhou Jie
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Li Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:672
TITLE:44th International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2296.htm
TEXT:
44th International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：July 23, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


From July 15th to 18th, the 44th International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation (ISSAC 2019), jointly sponsored by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and Beihang University, was successfully held at the Conference Center of New Main Building. More than 150 experts and scholars at home and abroad attended the conference.
The symposium was chaired by James H. Davenport, Professor of the University of Bath and Vice President of British Computer Society and Wang Dongming, Professor of Beihang University and member of the European Academy of Sciences. Prof. Manuel Kauers from Kepler University served as Program Committee Chair.
The conference featured three invited talks by Prof. Chen Yongchuan of Nankai University, Prof. Lorenzo Robbiano of the University of Genoa and Prof. Virginia Vassilevska Williams of Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Prof. Lorenzo Robbiano, Prof. Chen Yongchuan and Prof. Virginia Vassilevska Williams (From left to right)
Besides the regular paper presentation session, the symposium also organized three tutorials and software demonstrations, which provided a communication and learning chance for participants to deeply understand the design and implementation of symbolic and algebraic algorithms. Poster sessions were also offered to foster the exchange between experts and young students.
This symposium aims at providing a platform for discussion and exchanging views on the theories, methods and applications of symbolic computation and computer algebra, covering such topics as computational algebraic geometry, complexity of algebraic algorithms and algebraic complexity, language design and type systems for symbolic computation, and applications of computer algebra and symbolic computation in other fields. The ISAAC 2019 proceedings will be published by the ACM.

The International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation (ISSAC) is the premier conference for research in symbolic computation and computer algebra, which started in 1966. The symposium was first held in Beijing, China in 2005. The reconvening of ISSAC in China this year will further promote the development of symbolic computation,computer algebras and related interdisciplinary subjects in China.

Reported by Chen Xiaoyu
Reviewed by Yuan Xing
Edited by Gao Minjiang
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:673
TITLE:Group Wedding for Young Teachers Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3375.htm
TEXT:
Group Wedding for Young Teachers Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：September 28, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On September 24, a group wedding ceremony for 19 young teacher couples was held at the square in front of Main Building on Xueyuan Road campus on the occasion of one-month countdown to Beihang's 70th anniversary. The wedding witnesses were Zhao Changlu, Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University and Beihang President Wang Yunpeng. University and school leaders, representatives of teachers, students, parents and friends of the couples jointly witnessed this moment of happiness and sent the new couples warmest congratulations.


The wedding ceremony kicked off with an interview video of these couples, in which they shared their story about meeting and falling in love with each other as well as love for their alma mater Beihang University. Behind each story are their mutual love, responsibility towards family and also deep feeling for the university.
The chorus of The Most Romantic Thing and melody of The Wedding March set the romantic mood to welcome the wedding couples as they stepped onto the stage hand in hand.

At the ceremony, parents and friends of these wedding couples sent wishes through video clips, hoping that they have a lifetime full of happiness and love and make contributions to the country.



Zhao Changlu and Wang Yunpeng presented special marriage certificates of Beihang University's 70th anniversary to wedding couples.





In his speech, President Wang Yunpeng extended congratulations and expectations to all the couples at the special moment of their wedding day and the incoming 70 anniversary of Beihang University. He noted that Beihang has held wedding ceremonies for teachers for almost 20 years and has witnessed true love in this university for decades. The new couples were expected to have mutual respect and mutual trust, to live a life filled with joy and love, and to shoulder family responsibility together. Wang Yunpeng hoped that these couples, as members of Beihang University, can carve out a brilliant career and support the university's development, together building Beihang into a world-class university with Chinese characteristics.

Hu Tianhao from the School of Materials Science and Engineering spoke as the representative of new couples. He extended gratitude to his alma mater for the six-year training and expressed deep feeling towards this campus where he gained improvement and found his better half. After graduating, he chose to stay and work in Beihang without the least hesitation as he wanted to make contributions to his beloved alma mater. Hu wished Beihang University a happy birthday and hoped that the university can make new achievements in future.

The ceremony concluded successfully with the singing of Cheers, Friends.



As one of activities in celebrating Beihang's 70th anniversary, the group wedding ceremony aims to send best wishes to newly married couples, guide them to cultivate a comprehensive outlook of love and marriage, and encourage them to assume responsibilities in family.












Reported by Wang Qing and Wang Xingge
Photographed by Di Bailu and Huang Tianjia
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:674
TITLE:Beihang’s 70th Anniversary Special Website Opens
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3299.htm
TEXT:
Beihang’s 70th Anniversary Special Website Opens
                

                    Release time：June 16, 2022 / Zang Mingming
                


October 25, 2022 marks the 70th anniversary of Beihang University. On June 15, a special anniversary website of Beihang University was officially launched.


For the 70th anniversary special website, the interface is integrated with Beihang’s aerospace style. On its homepage, “Beijing No. 1”, the first civil aircraft in new China designed and manufactured by Beihang teachers and students, flies past and embellishes the Main Building that has been standing there for 70 years. With the change of seasons, the three representative buildings, including Main Building, New Main Building and Main Building of Shahe Campus, witness the glorious development of the unversity and  Beihanger's aspiration and mission.


The 70th anniversary special website includes 6 major sections and 16 subsections and integrates various interactive functions. A dazzling array of browsing content, unique Beihang design, special personalized guide, layout design and detail control show the vitality of Beihang University.









The 70th anniversary special website also features three immersive interactive experiences with ingenuity. In the “Campus Tour” (in chinese, Yun Fan Xiao) section, you can immerse yourself in every corner of the campus and recall the past through the dynamic panoramic map. In “Milestones” (in Chinese, Sui Xu Bei Hang) section, you will enter the unique cockpit of “Beijing No. 1”, and accurately navigate Beihang’s 70-year history. You will also get your own special blessing poster after sending blessings to Beihang University in “Congratulations” (in chinese, Zhu Fu Bei Hang) section.



Besides, the 70th anniversary special website carries out vertical screen adaptation for the mobile terminal, with its interface being designed to be more concise and exquisite, and its interactive functions more comprehensive.
Go to https://70.buaa.edu.cn/ to visit the website, and send blessings to our Alma Mater Beihang University!


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zang Mingming
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:675
TITLE:24th International Symposium on Transportation and Traffic Theory Held at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3350.htm
TEXT:
24th International Symposium on Transportation and Traffic Theory Held at Beihang
                

                    Release time：August 11, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


The 24th International Symposium on Transportation and Traffic Theory (ISTTT24), jointly organized by Beihang University, Beijing Jiaotong University (BJTU), and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST), was convened at the Vision International Cultural Exchange Center, Beihang University from July 24 to 26. The symposium has held in a combination of online and offline, attracting nearly 300 experts, scholars, and researchers from 16 countries and regions.
ISTTT is recognized as the highest level conference in the field of transportation and traffic. It was initiated by 14 famous scholars, including Prof. Robert Herman, one of the proposers of the Big Bang theory, and Professor Ilya Prigogine, a Nobel Prize winner. Since its inception in Michigan, the United States in 1959, ISTTT has been held 23 times worldwide. And the conference this year is for the first time in history held in Chinese mainland.
The ISTTT24 has received 316 contributions at home and abroad, among which 47 are published in Transportation Research Part B, Transportation Research Part C, and Transportation Research Part E, three top international academic journals in the field of transportation. After reviewing for several rounds, 33 papers were selected as reports to be presented and 19 as posters to be displayed during the three-day conference. The symposium consisted of the opening speech, conference reports, poster displays, and the closing ceremony, and broadcasted worldwide through live-streaming platforms such as Bilibili and Youtube.

The opening ceremony kicked off on the morning of July 24 with Prof. Huang Haijun from Beihang University, delivering a speech on behalf of the organizers and the university. Prof. Yang Hai from HKUST and Prof. Gao Ziyou from BJYU also delivered speeches as co-chairmen. Following that, the convenor of the International Advisory Board of ISTTT, Prof. Lin Xingqiang from Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) delivered a welcome speech and announced the next convenor of the conference is Prof. Hani Mahmassani from Northwestern University, a member of the National Academy of Engineering.

In the following days, experts and scholars attending the conference gave their presentations and reports on the topics related to transportation and traffic. Besides, the symposium also had sessions where participants asked questions and exchanged ideas. Due to the pandemic, the poster display was changed to a 10-minute video presentation.

On the evening of July 26, the symposium was closed as Prof. Hani Mahmassani delivered speeches to extend his thanks to the organizers, working staff, and participants and expressed the best wishes for the next ISTTT to be held in two years. Prof. Huang Haijun delivered the closing speech on behalf of the organizing committee, summarizing the conference and welcoming friends from all over the world to come to China again for further carrying out academic exchange and cooperation.

ISTTT24 has brought the top conference in the field of international transportation and traffic to China, providing a platform for experts, scholars, and researchers at home and abroad to exchange ideas on the frontier research of transportation and traffic. The symposium has actively prompted the academic exchange between both domestic and foreign scholars, triggering a positive influence around the world with the live streaming audience hitting over 22,000.



Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by JiaoYujia
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:676
TITLE:Public Administration Research Writing Workshops Launched at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3203.htm
TEXT:
Public Administration Research Writing Workshops Launched at Beihang
                

                    Release time：November 19, 2021 / Li Zhuoyang
                


Building on the Recruitment Program of High-end Foreign Experts initiated by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Public Administration Research Writing Workshops was launched in Public Administration Systems Engineering Laboratory & Smart Learning Center, Beihang University on November 10. Delivered by Prof. Su Xuhong from the the Department of Political Science at the University of South Carolina, the first course attracted more than 120 Ph.D. students, postgraduates and teachers.



The Research Writing Workshops mainly focuses on the training in Social Science Research Methods, aiming to cultivate students’ logic and critical thinking and to promote their ability in paper writing and publishing. The courses cover the whole process of publishing an academic paper with topics including topic selection, theory construction, research methods, and so on.
This week, Prof. Su explained the process of topic selection with rich example. Students were all actively engaged in the class and interacted frequently with Prof. Su. In the next five week, the workshops will focus on more topics like writing a research plan, writing a literature review, data description and analysis, and so on.


Public Administration Systems Engineering Laboratory & Smart Learning Center supports teacher and student learning and research activities with collaborative experiments and intelligent teaching environment. Since the learning center was put into use, the Public Administration Research Writing Workshops is the first online academic activity conducted in the learning center. It is of great significance to the academic exchange in the university and the cultivation of students’ academic ability.





Reported by Zhang Tongyu
Reviewed by Wang Qiquan
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Zhuoyang
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:677
TITLE:Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement Signed between Beihang University and Civil Aviation University of China
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3067.htm
TEXT:
Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement Signed between Beihang University and Civil Aviation University of China
                

                    Release time：May 1, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


On the morning of April 22, a signing ceremony was held at Civil Aviation University of China, where it reached a strategic cooperation framework agreement with Beihang University. A number of representatives from Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC), Tianjin Municipal Committee of CPC, Beihang University, and Civil Aviation University of China took part in this event.

Party Secretary and Director of CAAC Feng Zhenglin pointed out that Beihang University, as a first-class university with great strengths in Aeronautics and Astronautics, has made outstanding contributions to the development of civil aviation in China for a long time. Civil Aviation University of China, as the highest domestic institution for the training of professional technical personnel and scientific and technological innovation, has always been the focus of the party group of CAAC. Feng pointed out that the strategic cooperation agreement between the two universities can provide a platform for further exerting the strengths of both sides, so as to better serve the goal of building China into a strong civil aviation country.

Feng Zhenglin delivered a speech
Yu Yunlin, member of the Standing Committee of Tianjin Municipal Committee and head of Organization Department, extended a warm welcome to all the participants. He noted that the cooperation framework agreement between the two universities is of great importance for further promoting the construction of the state key laboratory of Civil Aviation University of China and devising its disciplines of civil aviation safety. He hoped that this cooperation could speed up the transformation of more scientific and technological achievements, and cultivate more scientific and technological talents to lead the development of this field.

Yu Yunlin gave a speech
Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University Cao Shumin thanked CAAC for its long-term support for Beihang University. She pointed out that Beihang University and Civil Aviation University of China are both aviation universities with a common mission of serving our country with aviation technology. According to Cao, this cooperation between the two sides not only brings in more opportunities for the development of Tianjin, but also helps cultivate more talents that can help construct China into a stronger country. She hoped that with joint efforts from both sides, resource sharing and complementary advantages could be realized, so as to further promote the aviation industry of our country.

Cao Shumin delivered a speech
President of Civil Aviation of University of China Ding Shuiting made a report on the development planning of the university, expounding the direction of its future development from multiple aspects, including discipline construction, scientific and technological innovation, society contribution, and so on.

Ding Shuiting made a report
Wang Yunpeng, Vice President of Beihang University, and Ding Shuiting signed the strategic cooperation agreement on behalf of both parties, with a number of other representatives witnessing the ceremony.

Wang Yunpeng and Ding Shuiting signed the strategic cooperation agreement on behalf of both parties
In the afternoon, Cao Shumin and her delegation joined in a discussion with Li Jiajun, Party Secretary of Tianjin University, for further cooperation in talent cultivation, discipline construction, scientific research, university culture, and so on. Some other representatives were also present at this discussion. After that, Cao Shumin and her delegation visited the History Museum of Tianjin University.

Cao Shumin and her delegation had a discussion with Li Jiajun, Party Secretary of Tianjin University

Cao Shumin and her delegation visited the History Museum of Tianjin University


Reported by Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:678
TITLE:Professor Guo Lei Receives the Fifth Beijing Overseas Chinese “Jinghua Award”
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3619.htm
TEXT:
Professor Guo Lei Receives the Fifth Beijing Overseas Chinese “Jinghua Award”
                

                    Release time：October 25, 2023 / Zhang Anqi
                


The fifth Beijing Overseas Chinese “Jinghua Award” ceremony was held in Beijing recently. Professor Guo Lei from Beihang University was granted the award together with eight other recipients.

Initiated by the Beijing Municipal Party Committee and the Beijing Municipal government in March 2013, the Beijing Overseas Chinese “Jinghua Award” is awarded once every two years to no more than 10 recipients. As the highest award for overseas Chinese, returned overseas Chinese and their families, as well as Hong Kong and Macao compatriots, it aims at recognizing and rewarding those who love the motherland, are committed to the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and have made outstanding contributions to the international cooperation and exchanges and the construction of Beijing as a world-class city with Chinese characteristics. Academician Li Chunxuan of our university won the fourth Beijing Overseas Chinese “Jinghua Award”.

Guo Lei, nonpartisan and returned overseas Chinese, deputy to the 14th National People's Congress, is a professor and Ph.D. supervisor in the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering of Beihang University. He also serves as vice director of the National Key Laboratory of Science and Technology on Aircraft Control. He is among the Outstanding Mid-Aged Experts, recipients of special government subsidies issued by the State Council, leading talents in science and technology in Beijing, professionals with outstanding contributions in Beijing, and advanced individuals of returned overseas Chinese and their families. He has won multiple provincial and ministerial awards as the first completion person, including the second prize of National Award for Natural Sciences, the second prize of National Award for Technological Invention, the first prize of Natural Science by the Ministry of Education, the first prize of National Defense Technological Invention, the first prize of Technological Invention by the Ministry of Education, the National Innovation Award and Yang Jiachi Science and Technology Award. He was a deputy to the 14th and 15th Beijing Municipal People's Congress.


Written by: Chen Ji, Liu Haoran, Wang Yueqi
Reviewed by: Pan Yaopeng
Edited by: Jia Aiping
Translated by: Zhang Anqi
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:679
TITLE:Delegation led by Wang Ning Participates in Beihang Patriotic Health Month Activity
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2195.htm
TEXT:
Delegation led by Wang Ning Participates in Beihang Patriotic Health Month Activity
                

                    Release time：April 22, 2020 / Zhao Yue
                


On the morning of April 18, a delegation led by Wang Ning, member of the Standing Committee and Secretary of the Education Work Committee of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee, visited Beihang University and participated in the Patriotic Health Month activity. Among the participants were Deputy Secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee of the CPC Zheng Dengwen, Executive Deputy Secretary of the Education Work Committee of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee Zheng Jichun, Director of Beijing Municipal Education Commission Liu Yuhui, Deputy Secretaries of the Education Work Committee of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee Di Tao and Li Junfeng, Deputy Director of Beijing Municipal Education Commission Li Yi, as well as Beihang leaders.

Beihang students, faculty and staff members took part in the Patriotic Health Month activity
At 9:00 am, the delegation joined the teachers, students and logistics staff members in cleaning up the Chendu Garden square. They cleaned the sculpture, wiped the benches, picked up and classified the garbage together. Wang Ning and others also distributed anti-epidemic supplies to the students and staff on site after finishing the cleaning.

Wang Ning, Cao Shumin and Xu Huibin participated in the cleanup

Zheng Dengwen, Zheng Jichun and Liu Yuhui participated in the cleanup

Di Tao, Li Junfeng and Li Yi participated in the cleanup
Afterwards, the delegates visited No.5 Teaching Building and listened to the report on Beihang’s efforts in preventing and controlling the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak, carrying out online teaching and leaning, strengthening the construction of first-class disciplines, and in particular, promoting medical-engineering cross research during the epidemic.

The delegates visited No. 5 Teaching Building
To implement President Xi Jinping's important instructions on preventing and controlling COVID-19, consolidate the initial achievements in epidemic containment, develop good personal habits and create a tidy campus environment, Beihang University took the 32nd Patriotic Health Month as an opportunity to carry out the general cleaning activity.


Reported by Wang Qing
Photographed by Di Bailu and Song Chao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:680
TITLE:Huang Haijun Meets Vice President Moshe Lewenstein of Bar-Ilan University
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2244.htm
TEXT:
Huang Haijun Meets Vice President Moshe Lewenstein of Bar-Ilan University
                

                    Release time：November 27, 2019 / Ma Yaping
                


On the afternoon of November 22, a delegation led by Moshe Lewenstein, Vice President of Bar-Ilan University, visited Beihang University. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun met with the guests at the Conference Center of New Main Building, accompanied by representatives from the International Division and the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering.

In his speech, Huang Haijun expressed his sincere welcome to the delegation, and briefed the guests on the achievements made by the two universities in the fields of information, physics and chemistry since 2012. Prof. Lewenstein recognized the accomplishments and put forward suggestions on deepening the cooperation in advantageous disciplines and scientific research between the two universities.
Following that, the two sides fully exchaged views and reached consensus on some issues like launching research cooperation in the fields of physics, material and information and promoting joint cultivation of international talents.









Bar-Ilan University, founded in 1955, is a comprehensive research university in Israel. With over 17,000 students and more than 700 faculty members, the university has eight faculties: Jewish Studies, Medicine, Engineering, Law, Life Science, Exact Sciences, Social Sciences, and Humanities. The university has leading advantages in the fields of physics, material science, computer science and message system, and has achieved ground-breaking research results.
 
 
Reported by Xia Daiyun
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Photoed by Shi Yaoyun
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Ma Yaping
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:681
TITLE:Research Findings of School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation Published in Nature Cell Biology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2206.htm
TEXT:
Research Findings of School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation Published in Nature Cell Biology
                

                    Release time：March 9, 2020 / Zhao Yue
                


On March 2, Nature Cell Biology published an article titled “Long-term, in toto live imaging of cardiomyocyte behavior during mouse ventricle chamber formation at single-cell resolution”, a joint effort by the interdisciplinary team composed of researchers from Key Laboratory of Intelligent Manufacturing Technology for High-end Aerospace Equipment (Ministry of Industry and Information Technology), Beihang University and Institute of Molecular Medicine of Peking University. Associate Prof. Xiao Wenlei of Beihang University, Prof. Cheng Heping and Researcher He Aibin of Peking University are the corresponding authors.

A central theme in organogenesis is how cell lineages of divergent sources are spatiotemporally deployed to assemble complex organ structures in mammals. In particular, the formation of mammalian heart as the first functional organ, is the key driving force for other tissues and organs. There are three main difficulties in generating uninterrupted whole-cell lineages during heart development: 1) in vitro culture of mammalian embryos, how to achieve continuous long-term and real-time live imaging and normal embryo development; 2) due to the heterogeneous nature of cardiomyocytes (CMs) as well as characteristics of large field of view (FOV) and penetration depth, how to accomplish in toto imaging and process massive image data to precisely identify CMs and track lineages; 3) the mouse fetal heart rate being 200 beats per minute (bpm), what techniques and strategies should be used to obtain images on beating heart at single-cell cellular resolution.
The research overcomes the above-mentioned challenges. In the research, the team of Beihang University is mainly responsible for the preprocessing of massive image data and the design and development of cell identification algorithm. The huge amount of initial data (~2T/day) from each trail of cardiac imaging has put forward high requirements for image processing. With the integrative approach, the team realized 36-h, all-cell-resolved imaging of the developing mouse heart at 3-min intervals. Their pipeline achieved an average segmentation accuracy of 99.68% and a lineage linkage accuracy of 99.12%. After system integration (Fig. 1), the team realized imaging of developing mouse hearts with uninterrupted cell lineages by robustly segmenting and accurately locating ~20,000,000 cells of different shapes and intensities in ~7,200 volumetric stacks (obtained over 1.5 d at 3-min intervals).

Fig.1 Live-imaging system for long-term recording of the developing mouse heart at single-cell resolution
The result reveals the cellular dynamics of ventricular morphogenesis as well as the cellular origins and mechanisms of cardiac trabeculae. The dual mechanisms of trabeculation was illustrated for the first time. Type 1 represents earlier cell fate segregation of CMs between compact and trabecular layers, which inhabit and self-expand in the trabecular layer. Type 2 represents CMs originating from the outer layer initiated in the compact layerbut ends up inthe trabeculae by oriented cell division and directional cell migration (Fig.2).

Fig.2 Cellular origins and mechanisms of cardiac trabeculae
The Key Laboratory of Intelligent Manufacturing Technology for High-end Aerospace Equipment (Ministry of Industry and Information Technology) has long been engaged in the research of CAD/CAM, intelligent numerical control, industrial robot simulation, intelligent assembly technology and equipment in the aerospace field. The research successfully applied the results on complex geometric modeling, rapid image processing and mass data visualization to the identification and pedigree tracking of massive biological images, which greatly improved the identification accuracy. It reflects the successful use of aerospace techniques in the field of biology.

Video 1 Recording of the mouse embryonic cardiogenesis
Video 2 Recording of the mouse embryonic heart ventricle morphogenes

More information of the research:
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41556-020-0475-2

Reported by Liu Jimeng
Reviewed by Deng Yi
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:682
TITLE:Tecnológico de Monterrey Delegation Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1100/2568.htm
TEXT:
Tecnológico de Monterrey Delegation Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：December 5, 2017 / 
                



On November 23, José M. Páez, Vice President of Foreign Affairs of Tecnológico de Monterrey, Mexico, visited Beihang University. Vice President Huang Haijun of Beihang met with guests at the conference center of the New Main Building with great hospitality, accompanied by personnel from International Division, International School, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Chemistry, and the School of New Media Art and Design.


Firstly, Vice President Huang Haijun welcomed Professor Páez and his colleagues and introduced the university’s development in teaching, research and international cooperation. He said that Beihang University and Tecnológico de Monterrey are first-class research universities in China and Mexico, and there is a great room for the two universities to communicate and cooperate with each other. He hoped that the two universities would take this visit as a starting point and conduct more in-depth and closer cooperation in the future. Professor Páez thanked Beihang for its meticulous arrangements and then gave an overall introduction of his university to us. At the same time, he invited Beihang to send a delegation to Tecnológico de Monterrey one day.
During the meeting, representatives from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Chemistry, the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, the School of New Media Arts and Design, the School of Humanities and Social Sciences and so on, discussed cooperation, exchange programs, bilateral seminars on some subjects, and other issues with the corresponding faculty of Tecnológico de Monterrey and reached a consensus. Subsequently, the delegation from Tecnológico de Monterrey also visited the School of General Engineering and the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering. 


Founded in 1943, Tecnológico de Monterre (TEC) is one of the most prestigious universities in Latin America. Currently, the university has 26 campuses in Mexico. According to the QS World University Rankings 2017-2018, it ranks 199th around the world and 5th in Latin American universities.
Reported by Chen Chao
Photo by Song Chao
Edited by Wang Qing
Translated by He Siying
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:683
TITLE:A Bite of Beihang—The Second Annual “Twelve Dishes of Hang” Competition
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2512.htm
TEXT:
A Bite of Beihang—The Second Annual “Twelve Dishes of Hang” Competition
                

                    Release time：June 29, 2018 / Virginia Peng
                



On the afternoon of June 15th, Beihang’s second annual “Twelve Dishes of Hang” competition, a taste-off of delicious Chinese cuisines, was hosted in the cafeteria for the university staff. It was attended by representatives from schools and administrative organs, teacher and student representatives and dieticians from Tsinghua University, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing Forestry University, China Agricultural University, and the University of Science and Technology Beijing. The host was Liu Jingwei, Vice Director of the Division of Logistic Services, and Cheng Wenhao, Executive Chair of the Labor Union, delivered the opening speech.

At backstage, the skillful cafeteria chefs chopped, baked, fried and stirred various foods. Outside, an alluring feast drew the crowd. The gallery section of creative dishes and local snacks attracted many hands jamming for a try. The Cooking Presentation section included fried twisted pastry, hand-pulled noodles, and Chinese knots made from fish. The guests were offered opportunities to try and learn the cooking skills.

It was time for the main dishes to arrive. The chefs themselves carried out the steaming dishes one by one, and each plate featured varied colors, enticing aroma, and beautiful presentation. A swarm of eager judges surrounded the tables, appreciating the deliciousness.

Beihang currently has more than 30,000 students, which means its cafeterias are important places to supply the staff and students with their daily meals. Based on Beihang’s goal of “building a world-class university rooted in China”, the Division of Logistic Services devotes itself to the provision of top-notch services, and the annual “Twelve dishes of Hang” competition is one example of such practice.

The event was aimed at promoting Beihang’s cuisine culture by finding the brand dishes of the cafeterias. It also had the goal of improving the quality of the meals served and the creativity of the chefs so as to meet the growing expectations from the teachers and students for better service. The first competition in 2017 was warmly received and widely recognized, and now it has become an iconic event at Beihang.

 
Reported by Yuefeng Han
Photographed by Chao Song, Siyu Han and Xinyu Yang
Edited by Chao Song
Translated by Virginia Peng
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:684
TITLE:More than 23,000 Students and 700 Retired Faculty and Staff over 60 Inoculated with COVID-19 Vaccine at Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3035.htm
TEXT:
More than 23,000 Students and 700 Retired Faculty and Staff over 60 Inoculated with COVID-19 Vaccine at Beihang
                

                    Release time：April 1, 2021 / Wen Peiyu
                


On March 28, Beihang University started vaccinating its faculty and staff over 60, community residents, teachers and students from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, and international teachers and students. Up to now, more than 700 retired faculty and staff over 60 as well as 23,000 students have been inoculated with the COVID-19 vaccine.

On the vaccination spots, a separate queuing channel for retired faculty and staff over 60 was set up, and the medical staff measured their blood pressure before giving out the jabs. The smooth and efficient process of vaccine rollout in Beihang University has impressed Wang Hesheng, Head of Haidian District, Li Jingtao, Director of Haidian District Health Commission, and other officials in a site research accompanied by Cheng Bo, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University.





Beihang University started the vaccination process on February 22, becoming the first university in Beijing to launch the large-scale vaccination for teachers and students. The university responded quickly to the notification issued on March 26 that citizens from Hongkong, Macao and Taiwan as well as foreign residents in China should also get vaccinated, and has so far deployed various vaccination links and completed works concerning personnel arrangement and registration.





Reported by Wang Qing and Wang Xiaowei
Photographed by Zhang Keli and Tian Wenhao
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping and Wen Peiyu
Translated by Wen Peiyu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:685
TITLE:Beihang Holds 6th Campus Psychodrama
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3234.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds 6th Campus Psychodrama
                

                    Release time：December 28, 2021 / Li Yifan
                


On the evening of December 11, the final of the 6th Beihang Campus Psychodrama, hosted by Positive Psychological Experience Center of Beihang University and co-organized by College Students' Psychological Association, was held at Yongman Theatre on Shahe Campus.
Prof. Lei Xiuya from Beijing Forestry University, Director Liu Hui from Student Counseling and Mental Health Center of Peking University, Director Zhang Ping from Psychological Counseling Center of Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Zhang Jiming from Mental Health Education and Counseling Center of Beijing Normal University, Deputy Director Fang Danmin from QIAN XIAN magazine, and Li Shengqiang from Psychological Study and Service Center of the University of International Relations were invited as judges. Teachers from the Department of Student Affairs, Labor Union, and various colleges and schools of Beihang University, as well as representatives from psychological associations of other universities, were also invited to watch the performance.

After procedures of planning, publicity, training and trials, a total of six teams entered the final of the compitition with their plays illustrating what psychological motivations are behind college students reacting to daily life. These dramas enabled students to have a deep thought on self-identification, social phobia, metamorphosis, and interpersonal relationships.
The paly “Xiao Kai is Sleeping” (Wo De Xiao Kai Zai Shui Jiao), urging the audience to face the past trauma bravely instead of escaping it, nabbed the first prize. “Tag” (Biao Qian), as a mime and “Clown is not Clownish” (Xiao Chou Bu Chou), which both stressed the importance of self-identification and how to face social phobia, won the second prize. The play “Hello, Mr. Mean” (Ni Hao, Zhong Jian Xian Sheng), which implied that we are ordinary people but not mediocrity, “Approaching” (Kao Jin), which told us that 100 percent perfect sometimes is imperfect, and “Mind Reading” (Du Xin Shu), which taught that the appropriate distance is necessary for dealing with interpersonal relationships, won the third prize.

The competition was impressive with excellent performance and affecting speech, which drew loud applause from the audience.
Since the launch of the “Campus Psychodrama Project” in 2016, the competition has been held for six consecutive years with nearly 80 dramas performed on the stage and some have won the first prize in municipal competitions in Beijing. Psychodrama is a special representation of Beihang’s “Mental Health Education”, which aims at publicizing psychological knowledge and emphasizing the importance of mental health through combining drama with psychology. Three original psychological drama by Beihang teachers and students, including “Redemption on the Edge” (Bian Yuan Jiu Shu), “Chilled Smile” (Leng Que De Wei Xiao) and “Beyond Anxiety” (Chao Yue Jiao Lv), have won wide recognition.



Reported by Wang Zhen
Reviewed by Song Xiaodong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:686
TITLE:Beihang Professor Liu Hong Honored with the Title of National Outstanding Teacher
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2280.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Professor Liu Hong Honored with the Title of National Outstanding Teacher
                

                    Release time：September 12, 2019 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang Professor Liu Hong was honored as National Outstanding Teacher by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China recently.

Professor Liu Hong is the chief designer of Lunar Palace 1. On May 15th, 2018, the Lunar Palace 365 Experiment which lasted for 370 days achieved complete success with four volunteers walking out of the lab at Beihang University, setting a new world record for the longest bioregenerative life support system experiment with highest degree of closure. The experiment is of great significance to the long-term survival of human beings on the moon or other extraterrestrial bodies. It realizes the long-term stable circulation of the human-animal-plant-microorganism ecosystem with high degree and biological diversity, while maintaining the physical and mental health of human beings. In this experiment, eight volunteers were divided into two groups and three shifts: Group 1 was on duty for the first shift of 60 days; Group 2 then stayed in the lab for 200 days, which has broken the previous world record of 180 days in a similar closed ecosystem set by Russia in the early 1970s; Group 1 at last was on the duty for the third shift accounting for 110 days.
It is reported that 1,432 teachers were awarded the tile of National Outstanding Teacher and 158 educators were named as National Outstanding Educators throughout the country by the Ministry of Education in recognition of their outstanding contributions to the cause of education.
Prof. Liu also won the Beihang Excellence Award for Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation at the ceremony for the 34th Teachers’ Day held at Beihang University, September 9. Lunched in 2017, the Beihang Moral Achievement and Talent Cultivation Awards were the highest honor of talent cultivation at Beihang University, aiming at commending the advanced teachers who have made outstanding achievements and contributions in education and fueling teachers’ sense of mission in terms of developing virtues and cultivating talents.

More information on Decision by Ministry of Education:
http://www.moe.gov.cn/srcsite/A04/s7051/201909/t20190906_398179.html


Reported and edited by Wang Qing
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:687
TITLE:7th Beihang International Cutural Festival Held Successfully
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2536.htm
TEXT:
7th Beihang International Cutural Festival Held Successfully
                

                    Release time：May 14, 2018 / Li Siying, Zhao Yue
                


On May 5th, the 7th Beihang International Cutural Festival was held at Qiushi Square. Beihang President Xu Huibin, representatives of some foreign embassies and consulates in China, administrative staff and heads of several schools of Beihang University attended the opening ceremony.


For years, many cultures around the world have communicated and integrated in Beihang University, forming the unique international culture at Beihang campus. This year, with the theme of “Embrace the New Era, Light the New Dream”, the festival consisted of two parts: exhibition and performance.
At the opening ceremony, flag bearers from participating counties paraded and performed the opening dance as well as a fashion show. Elementary school students from Experimental School of Beihang University also took part in the ceremony in groups, showing the feature that “campus internationalization starts from school children”.




At the exhibition area, international students from 43 countries set up exhibition booths and displayed the diverse cultures and customs of their home countries through various ways such as games, artworks, art shows and delicious food. Wearing colorful traditional costumes, they introduced the cultures and daily lives in their hometowns, invited the visitors to taste their homeland food, and taught visitors some simple words in their languages passionately. President Xu visited the booths, communicated with international students cordially and accepted interviews with international student reporters.








At the performance area, foreign students staged plentiful shows characteristic of their own cultures, including exotic and colorful folk songs, dances and instrumental performances, attracting many visitors and winning their applause.








The festival was supported by CAICO and assisted by foreign embassies in China.
International education of Beihang University focuses on the strategic goal of "building a world-class university rooted in China”, cultivating talents with global vision, civic awareness and responsibility to serve the future. At present, there are over 2,200 students from 120 countries around the world studying at Beihang, among whom are undergraduates, postgraduates and doctoral students, with a total of near 1,300. From 1996 to 2017, over 1700 foreign students graduated from Beihang University with degrees, including more than 300 doctors, 960 masters and 500 bachelors.
  
  
Reported by Liu Xu 
Photographed by Zhang Yan, Xue Rongrong, Li Lan, Li Weikang, Gao Minghui 
Edited by Shi Yue 
Translated by Li Siying and Zhao Yue
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:688
TITLE:National Concert Tour of Chinese Art Songs Held in Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2376.htm
TEXT:
National Concert Tour of Chinese Art Songs Held in Beihang
                

                    Release time：March 12, 2019 / Xiong Ting
                


On the night of March 8, a national concert tour of Chinese art songs was held at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. Huang Lu, a young soprano, provided audience with a fantastic feast of music with her pleasant voice.

Unlike chorus, folk songs and pop music, an art song is often a musical setting of an independent poem or text with strong literary and artistic senses. The composer uses the full resources of the art form to embellish the poem. Besides, tones and rhythm are also main focuses in art songs. The national concert tour of Chinese art songs made its debut at Shandong University of Arts and Linyi University at the end of 2018, making a hit once it was staged.


Before the show, Liu Xiaojiang from China Conservatory of Music previewed the programs. Zhang Huan, a young pianist played piano accompaniment for the concert. The concert kicked off with a female solo song “Passing at Yangguan Pass” adapted from a classic music. Then, more than 10 enduring masterpieces like “Listen to the Rain”, “The Phoenix Hairpin”, “Crying Ospreys” were presented, receiving deafening applause. The mellifluous music, elegant accompaniment together with useful previews created an atmosphere of refinement and impressed audience with lingering charm and beauty of art songs. The concert reached the climax when audience constantly called for encore.


The art songs specially selected for the concert represent the transformation of traditional Chinese lyric poetry towards a more modern and innovative style, which is also a display and enrichment of profound traditional Chinese culture.

Reported and edited by Song Chao
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:689
TITLE:Beihang Wins 7 National Scientific Innovation and Advancement Awards
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2185.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Wins 7 National Scientific Innovation and Advancement Awards
                

                    Release time：June 4, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


The results of the second National Scientific Innovation and Advancement Award were announced on the morning of May 30, the fourth National Sci-Tech Workers' Day. Among the awardees, seven came from Beihang, making the university the biggest winner in terms of the total number of awards.


Given every three years, the award is a critical part of and supplement to China's national scientific and technological award system and a link to major talent projects, being second only to State Preeminent Science and Technology Award, the highest honor in the system. Each time no more than 300 individuals are awarded with certificates, no more than 30 of them win badges for their significant contributions, and ten groups receive medals.


Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:690
TITLE:PhD Students Co-Cultivation Program Launched by Beihang in Cooperation with Italian and Russian Universities
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2152.htm
TEXT:
PhD Students Co-Cultivation Program Launched by Beihang in Cooperation with Italian and Russian Universities
                

                    Release time：October 13, 2020 / Xiong Ting
                


Recently, an agreement specifying a mode of co-cultivation system for PhD students majoring in aeronautical engineering among Beihang University, Polytechnic University of Turin and Bauman Moscow State Technical University was sighed. The three universities strive to pioneer a novel way of co-cultivating aeronautical talents with international vision and competitiveness.
As is proposed in the program, the recommended students will be co-supervised by the three sides, conduct their research based on the consensus of their different supervisors and be cultivated by the three universities in turns. The qualified students who complete the project will be awarded with a co-cultivation certification by the three universities. In particular, the students of Beihang or Polytechnic University of Turin who meet all the graduation requirements will receive the doctoral degrees granted by the two universities.
Based on long-term partnerships among the three sides, the program is supported by the Top Industrial Managers for Europe (T.I.M.E.) Association. It combines and offers high-quality educational resources in China, Italy and Russia, aiming to innovate new models of talents cultivation in astronautical engineering featuring international vision and competitiveness.

Polytechnic University of Turin
Founded in 1859, Polytechnic University of Turin is among Europe's leading universities for science and engineering. It is ranked 47th in the category of Engineering & Technology and 30th in the category of Mechanical Engineering in 2020 QS World University Rankings.

Bauman Moscow State Technical University
Bauman Moscow State Technical University, one of the oldest and most prestigious Russian technical universities, was founded in 1830. Many outstanding scientists and engineers such as Korolev, the father of the Soviet space program as well as famous aircraft designers Sukhoi and Tupolev, are alumni of the university.


Reported by Gao Yuan and Chen Chao
Edited by Jia Aiping
Reviewed by Li Deyu
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:691
TITLE:Drama Competition of 7th Beihang Student Art Festival Held
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1098/2231.htm
TEXT:
Drama Competition of 7th Beihang Student Art Festival Held
                

                    Release time：December 18, 2019 / 
                


To advance Beihang Backbone Project and facilitate exchanges of dramas with Beihang characteristics, the Drama Competition of the 7th Beihang Student Art Festival was held from Oct. 27 to Dec. 8. After nearly two months of careful preparation, approximately 200 teachers and students in ten teams participated in the competition. 

The closing ceremony
In recent years, Beihang has been strengthening and improving its aesthetic education, and Beihang Backbone Project is an epitome of the efforts. Based on practice, the project aims to tell good stories reflecting the spirit of scientists and enhance the development of Beihang spirits and culture, giving birth to a number of quality dramas. For example, Eternity, Serve the People and Soar introduce respectively the spirit and contributions of Lin Shi'e, one of the founders of Beihang University, Yang Weimin, a pioneer in the field of reliability and systems engineering in China, and Feng Ru, China's "Father of Aviation", and Beijing 5 focuses on China’s first unmanned aircraft named "Beijing 5", which was designed, developed and tested by Beihang. All the four dramas are original ones, and some of them are completely written, directed and performed by Beihang students.
After multiple and strict selections, six items including One Hundred Years of Shou’e (a drama tells the brilliant life of Academician Tu Shou’e, one of the founders of Beihang University), Never Closed Radio, Chinese Heart, Eternity, Navigate with Our Country and Liang Guang Xiang (How We Can Gain Inspiration from Quantum Physics and General Relativity and Apply them to the Performance and Creation of Chinese Crosstalk) stood out and were put to stage at the closing ceremony, bringing a fantastic drama feast to the audience. 
Sponsored by the Youth League Committee, Beihang Student Art Festival is a major art event where the university's achievements regarding aesthetic education are showed. It has become a brand event of aesthetic education at Beihang after being held several times in the past few years, featuring a complete workflow and the accumulation of rich experience.


One Hundred Years of Shou’e

Never Closed Radio

Eternity

Navigate with Our Country

Chinese Heart

Cross-talk Liang Guang Xiang


 
Reported by Hu Xuyang
Photographed by Li Jingyi, Chen Xuanhe and Yang Zhengdong
Reviewed by Xiao Hong
Edited by Jia Aiping and Ren Chenjie
Translated by Ren Chenjie and Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:692
TITLE:Two Beihang Teachers Win 2021 Mao Yisheng Science and Technology Award for Beijing Youth
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3292.htm
TEXT:
Two Beihang Teachers Win 2021 Mao Yisheng Science and Technology Award for Beijing Youth
                

                    Release time：June 2, 2022 / Li Yifan
                


Recently, Prof. Sun Xiaoqian from the School of General Engineering and Prof. Cheng Qunfeng from the School of Chemistry were honored with the 2021 Mao Yisheng Science and Technology Award for Beijing Youth.
Mao Yisheng Science and Technology Award for Beijing Youth is jointly established by the Mao Yisheng Science and Technology Education Foundation and Beijing Association for Science and Technology. The award is conferred once a year to 15 young scientists who have made outstanding achievements in science and technology and set an example among other younger counterparts. It is established to commemorate Dr. Mao Yisheng, the founder of China's bridge engineering, outstanding scientist, educator and social activist. Having been presented 24 times so far, the award specifies that major achievements should be completed in Beijing and have contributed to the economic and social development of the capital.


Reported and reviewed by Wang Xiaofeng
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Yifan
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:693
TITLE:Vice President of Universidad Politécnica de Madrid Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2450.htm
TEXT:
Vice President of Universidad Politécnica de Madrid Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 16, 2018 / Lu Baihui
                


On the morning of October 12, Prof. Jose-Minguel Atienza, Vice President of Foreign Affairs of Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (UPM), led a delegation to visit Beihang University. Huang Haijun, Vice President of Beihang University, received them at the fifth Conference Center of the New Main Building, accompanied by representatives from the International Division.
Huang Haijun expressed warm welcome to the delegation. He reviewed the previous cooperation achievements of the two sides in terms of student exchange, joint training project and scientific research. Atienza showed his gratitude for the hospitality of Beihang and wished to further enhance and deepen the cooperation between Beihang and UPM.
Subsequently, the two sides discussed the implementation scheme of the Seed Research Fund Project established by the two universities in May this year. This fund will be used to carry out scientific cooperation, support international scientific collaborative projects and advance strategic partnership between the two universities. Besides, the two sides fully exchanged views on other cooperation proposals like Erasmus+, summer programs and joint doctor cultivation. 


As a famous European university of science and engineering, UPM is the strategic partner of Beihang. Since the two universities established partnership in 2007, they have exchanged 253 students for various forms of joint cultivation and communication, such as exchange and double degree programs, as well as carried out scientific research cooperation in multidisciplinary fields.
  
Reported by Niu Miaozhuo
Edited by Song Chao
Translated by Lu Baihui
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:694
TITLE:Vice President of York University Visits Beihang
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1099/2441.htm
TEXT:
Vice President of York University Visits Beihang
                

                    Release time：October 29, 2018 / Xiong Ting
                


The delegation led by Lisa Philipps, Vice President Academic and Provost of York University, visited Beihang on the afternoon of October 22. Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun received the guests at the Conference Center of New Main Building. Other attendees included representatives from the International Division and the School of Economics and Management.


During the meeting, Huang Haijun extended his welcome to the delegation and briefed them on the latest development of Beihang University. He noted that the cooperation between the two universities in talent cultivation and scientific research had achieved fruitful results.
Philipps briefly presented the information of York University in terms of academic programs and global cooperation. The two sides exchanged views and reached agreements on various aspects in the meeting. They planned to establish a joint research center to carry out research in the fields of social science such as economics and management.


York University, founded in 1959, is a public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. York University has approximately 7,000 faculty and staff and 50,000 students, among which 6,200 students are international students from 178 countries. Several of York’s programs such as the economics, business and management programs have gained notable recognition globally. Beihang established partnership with York University in 2010. Since then, about 70 students have participated in the exchange programs between the two university.
  
Reported by Zhou Mi
Photographed by Cui Chaoyang
Reviewed by Lyu Ying
Edited by Song Chao and Xiong Ting
Translated by Xiong Ting
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:695
TITLE:Academician Wang Huaming Receives 2020 Outstanding Teacher Award
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1097/2138.htm
TEXT:
Academician Wang Huaming Receives 2020 Outstanding Teacher Award
                

                    Release time：November 23, 2020 / Li Mingzhu
                


Wang Huaming, a professor of the School of Materials Science and Engineering and a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, was honored with the Outstanding Teacher Award at the 2nd Award Ceremony for Master Teacher Award, Outstanding Teacher Award, and Innovation and Entrepreneurship Award on the morning of November 20.

Academician Wang Huaming is the Director of the National Engineering Laboratory of Additive Manufacturing for Large Metallic Components and National Defense Science, Technology and Industry Research and Application Center of Laser Additive Manufacturing. He has won a number of honors, such as a first prize of the State Technological Invention Award, the title of Outstanding Talent in Defense Science, Technology and Industry, National May Day Labor Medal, the first prize of the gold medal for Devotion to the Aviation Industry of China, the Ho Leung Ho Lee Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress, the title of Beijing Distinguished University Teacher and so on.

The expert selection committee spoke highly of Academician Wang's contributions in his teaching and research career. With a strong sense of responsibility and mission, he has over 30 years of teaching experience in classroom and laboratories, and also worked as an undergraduate class advisor for many years. He devoted himself to the fundamental task of developing virtues and cultivating people. After he was elected Member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, he continues to give lessons to undergraduates, paying great attention to the basics that they need to master. Additive Manufacturing, a course taught by him, was rated as a national quality open video course. He also received the title of Beijing Educational Innovation Model and was praised by his students as their “most-loved teacher”.
As a researcher, Academician Wang made a breakthrough in the technology of additive manufacturing for large high-performance key metallic components, which met the requirements of national critical equipment. He also built a hard-working and confident innovation team featuring devotion and tenacity as well as indifference to fate and fortune. His team, with the young people of the post-80s generation as the backbone, was selected as a member of several national programs.

The ceremony was held at the South China University of Technology and attended by Lin Huiqing, Chair of the Medical Education Expert Committee of the Ministry of Education and former Vice Minister of Education, Wu Yan, Head of the Department of Higher Education of the Ministry of Education, etc. Cheng Bo, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee of Beihang University, was also present.

Supported by the Ministry of Education, the Outstanding Teacher Award was established by China Teacher Development Foundation and Chen Yidan Foundation. Currently, its prize money is the highest in the field of higher education. The award is designed to commend influential university teachers who contribute greatly to the training of capable people, have rich teaching experience, and develop in their students the capabilities and skills most needed in China's strategic plans. Its awardees are recommended by experts in the field of higher education. This year there were nine winners of the Outstanding Teacher Award, ten winners of the Innovation and Entrepreneurship Award, and one winner of the Master Teacher Award.


Reported by the Publicity Department of the Party Committee
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Li Mingzhu
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:696
TITLE:Beihang Robitics Team to Compete in ABU Robocon 2021
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1134/3141.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Robitics Team to Compete in ABU Robocon 2021
                

                    Release time：August 9, 2021 / Lyu Xingyun
                


Beihang Robotics Team won the third place and the Best Design Award in the 20th China University Robot Competition (ROBOCON 2021) held in Zoucheng, Shandong province from July 28 to 31. The event attracted more than 2,000 people from 106 teams in 79 universities across the country.
At the end of the year, Beihang Robotics Team will join hands with teams from Wuhan University and the University of Science and Technology Beijing, as representatives of China, to compete in the 2021 ABU Asia-Pacific Robot Contest (ABU ROBOCON).


The ABU ROBOCON, founded in 2001, is an Asian-Oceanian college robot competition. Divided into domestic and international contests, the competition is held once a year and has been held for nineteen sessions so far. China is the host country of the ABU ROBOCON in 2021. ROBOCON, as the domestic trial for ABU ROBOCON, is sponsored by the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League, supported by the China Youth Development Foundation, and co-organized by the Shandong Provincial Committee of the Communist Youth League and the Shandong Radio and Television Station. It is one of the most challenging and influential robotics competitions for college students in China.
Before the semi-finals of ROBOCON, Beihang Robotics Team has reeled off 10 consecutive victories, setting a record for the highest consecutive wins in the competition. It has also achieved the best results since its establishment in 2001.
As of now, the team has reached the final four in both the two top domestic robotics competitions, ROBOCON and ROBOCUP, and officially entered the first echelon of China University Robotics Team, achieving a historic leap after 20 years of development.

Initiated in 2002, the Beihang Robotics Team is affiliated to the Youth League Committee of Beihang University and technically guided and supported by the School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation. Under the guidance of Professor Liu Rong and Associate Professor Liang Jianhong, the team has made fruitful results in numerous competitions and events.



Reported by Qi Jianli
Reviewed by Zhang Zhigang
Edited by Jia Aiping and Lyu Xingyun
Translated by Lyu Xingyun
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:697
TITLE:Foreign Teachers of Beihang Invited to Attend Spring Festival Reception 2023 Held by the Ministry of Science and Technology
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1183/3425.htm
TEXT:
Foreign Teachers of Beihang Invited to Attend Spring Festival Reception 2023 Held by the Ministry of Science and Technology
                

                    Release time：January 23, 2023 / Wen Li
                


On January 12, the Foreign Experts Reception for Spring Festival 2023 hosted by the Ministry of Science and Technology (State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs) and organized by the China International Talent Exchange Association was held at the Vision International Cultural Exchange Center. Seven foreign teachers from the School of Automation Science and Electrical Engineering, the School of Computer Science and Engineering, the School of Physics, Sino-French Engineer School, the School of Space and Environment, and the School of Integrated Circuit Science and Engineering were invited to participate in the event to welcome the Chinese New Year of the Rabbit.

Li Meng, member of the Party group and vice minister of the Ministry of Science and Technology and director of the State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs, delivered a video message to express his warm welcome to the guests attending the reception and his best wishes to the foreign experts who support the cause of international talent exchange and contribute to the economic and social development of China. In addition to the main venue in Beijing, the reception set up sub-venues in Shandong, Tianjin, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Tibet, Anhui, Guangdong, Shaanxi, Fujian and Hubei, and a total of more than 200 foreign experts joined together through video link. All the venues were filled with laughter and a warm atmosphere to welcome the Year of the Rabbit's arrival.
Before the event, Beihang Vice President Huang Haijun and Director of International Division Weng Jingnong had a meeting with Wang Junming and Li Xin from the Ministry of Science and Technology. Huang Haijun introduced Beihang’s “111 Base” and other efforts to promote the integration of science and education, and thanked the Ministry of Science and Technology for its long-standing support to Beihang. Wang Junming affirmed Beihang's achievements in serving the major needs of the country with its basic scientific research driven by the work of attracting talent, and encouraged Beihang to continue to play a model and leading role in this field.
During the event, Frédéric Genty, the French director of the Sino-French Engineer School, was interviewed by the English version of Science and Technology Daily.



Reported by Wang Lingpei and Chen Cui
Reviewed by Weng Jingnong
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE_ID:698
TITLE:Beihang Holds 2022 Graduation Ceremony for Undergraduates and Postgraduates
URL:https://ev.buaa.edu.cn/info/1164/3303.htm
TEXT:
Beihang Holds 2022 Graduation Ceremony for Undergraduates and Postgraduates
                

                    Release time：June 20, 2022 / Wen Li
                


On June 18, the 2022 Beihang University Graduation Ceremony for Undergraduates and Postgraduates was held at Beihang Sunrise Concert Hall. The ceremony, for the first time conducted for both undergrduates and postgraduates, was held online and offline simultaneously with live broadcasts across multiple venues. 3,603 students received bachelor’s degrees, 1,857 students received master’s degrees and 460 students received doctoral degrees at the ceremony.




Among the attendees were Beihang Secretary of the Party Committee Zhao Changlu, Beihang President Xu Huibin, Vice Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Commission for Discipline Inspection He Xinzhou, Vice Presidents Tao Zhi, Liu Shuchun, Zhang Hailan, Huang Haijun, Wang Yunpeng and Zhang Guang, Vice Secretaries of the Party Committee Zhao Gang and Cheng Bo, Vice President Lyu Weifeng, teacher representative Wang Zili, and academic degree evaluation committee members, etc. Alumni representative Ding Chibiao sent his wishes to graduates online. The event was hosted by Lyu Weifeng.



Prior to the ceremony, the opening video reminded students of their campus life at Beihang and showed their gratitude to Alma Mater and ambition for the future.
The graduation ceremony officially kicked off in the solemn national anthem. Wang Yunpeng announced the decision to confer degrees to the class of 2022. He Xinzhou announced the list of “Excellent Graduates of Beijing’s Higher Education Institutions in 2022”. Tao Zhi introduced the list of “Scholarship for a Career in the Vitalization of National Defense Industry”. Zhao Changlu and Xu Huibin presented certificates to the winners.





Ding Jixin, an undergraduate student from the School of Astronautics, delivered a speech on behalf of all undergraduates. She reviewed her four years at Beihang, and said she would carry on the ideal of serving the country in the field of aeronautics and astronautics, and live up to her youth.

Ding Jixin, representative of undergraduate students from the School of Astronautics
Tao Renshuai, a postgraduate student from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, expressed his gratitude to Beihang on behalf of all postgraduate students and called on graduates to serve the country and strive for achieving national rejuvenation in the new era.

Tao Renshuai, representative of postgraduate students from the School of Computer Science and Engineering
Prof. Wang Zili from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering and also member of Chinese Academy of Engineering, shared three insights with all graduates, encouraging them to dedicate their life to the promise of serving the country, commit themselves to lifelong learning, and step forward with perseverance and determination.

Wang Zili, teacher representative from the School of Reliability and Systems Engineering
Ding Chibiao, member of Chinese Academy of Science and director of the Bureau of Major R&D Programs at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, delivered a speech on behalf of the alumni of Beihang University. He shared his stories and life at Beihang and extended gratitude to Alma Mater. He also encouraged students to serve the country, learn from practice and strive for perfection.

President Xu Huibin reminisced the great achievements of our country, the rapid development of Beihang and the growth of all graduates. He praised students’ impressive performance and encouraged them to pass on the patriotic tradition, stay true to their mission and responsibility and live up to the youth.

President Xu Huibin
In his address, President Xu also gave the graduates three pieces of advice: first, be ambitious and grow into a new generation capable of shouldering the mission of national rejuvenation; second, carry forward the pioneering spirit and make contributions to sci-tech self-reliance and self-strengthening at higher levels; third, cultivate their morality and embrace a wonderful life.



Teachers and students sang the university anthem together
With the familiar melody ringing, the ceremony came to an end with all graduates singing the university anthem “Look up to the Starry Sky” (in Chinese: Yang Wang Xing Kong) together to express deep affection for their Alma Mater.







In the following degree conferring ceremony, university leaders and academic degree evaluation committee members in main and sub venues turned the tassel for new graduates and sent them best wishes. Meanwhile, graduates who stayed at home and watched the ceremony online had their tassels turned by their parents. With the best wishes and blessings from Beihang teachers and students, the graduates will start a brand-new chapter in their life.










Reported by Wang Qing and Li Siyao
Photographed by Di Bailu, Song Chao, Zhang Keli, Zhang Yuhan, Jiang Haiyang, Qian Siyuan and Shen Yanzhe
Reviewed by Li Jianwei
Edited by Jia Aiping
Translated by Wen Li
--------------------------------------------------


